New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice practice.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice mido.
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
The independent inspector of immigration said the Home Office must make significant improvements regarding "overstayers" - foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the country.
John Vine said failure to do so could "undermine public confidence".
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said there was room for improvement.
The report suggests that the amount of "overstayers" in the UK is not increasing, and instead is remaining largely static.
Mr Vine said the overall size of the "migration refusal pool" - the number of foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the UK after 2008 - was 173,562 in the three months to June this year, compared with 174,057 in the same period two years earlier.
The Home Office signed a contract with private outsourcing group Capita to review, and where possible, close the records of migrants who had been refused leave to stay in the UK.
But Mr Vine said there had been "significant inaccuracies" in Capita's classification of migration refusal records.
The inspection concluded that of a sample of 57 records 16 had wrongly recorded the foreign national as having left the UK.
A Capita spokeswoman rejected claims that it had used information about passengers to the UK incorrectly and that it had incorrectly classified passport records.
She also rejected "any inference that we benefited in any way" from following the processes used to record migrants' entry to and exit of the UK.
In his report, Mr Vine specified that what he describes as Capita's inaccuracies meant the number of "overstayers" thought to have departed may have been overestimated by as many as 1,140 in 2013-14.
Mr Vine said: "I was disappointed to find a high level of inaccuracy in the classification of migration refusal records, with more than a quarter of departures in my sample being incorrectly recorded.
"Considerable improvements in the Home Office's capability to monitor, progress, and prioritise the immigration enforcement caseload will be needed to deliver its strategy for reducing the level of irregular migration."
He said inspectors had also identified a further 223,000 records of foreign nationals without permission to stay in the UK, whose cases dated to before 2008.
James Brokenshire said the report's recommendations would be taken forward, but changes made by the government had been having a positive impact and needed to be judged over time.
"The public can have confidence on the rigour that we are attaching to this issue," he said.
Universities are paying agencies millions to recruit overseas students who boost their coffers. Home students suffer as lectures are dumbed down to help those with poor English, academics say. And some institutions enrol lucrative non-EU students ‘regardless of their language skills’, it was claimed. A study by Times Higher Education (THE) found 106 universities spent £86million recruiting abroad in 2013 to 2014, or £1,767 per student – a 16.5 per cent increase on two years before. The Russell Group of top universities were some of the top spenders, with Sheffield, Glasgow and Cardiff each spending more than £6million from 2011 to 2014. Coventry spent the most, paying out £10.2million in commission and VAT to recruit 5,634 students, according to data obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. However, a university spokesman said: ‘By error the figures . . . included substantial non-agent related costs, and therefore do not represent the university’s spend.’ The University of Bedfordshire spent £9.5million and Middlesex University spent £8.8million including VAT. Giving money to recruitment agents is worthwhile for institutions because the average fee paid by a student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 – or £13,425 for laboratory-based courses. Fees for UK and EU students are capped at £9,000 a year. Liz Reisberg, formerly of the Centre for International Higher Education, at Boston College in the US, and now an independent consultant, told THE the situation was ‘staggering’. Of 158 universities that gave data, all but 19 used agents to enrol non-EU students. At the 124 institutions that gave a breakdown of admissions, there were 58,257 international students enrolled using agents in 2013-14. This month, a separate THE survey found more than a third of academics thought foreign undergraduates did not speak or write good English. One admitted to The Best University Workplace Survey that tutors ‘lower the level of classes so everyone can keep up – to the disadvantage of native speakers’. A Russell Group lecturer called the issue the sector’s ‘dirty little secret’. The average  fee paid by student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 a year to study in the UK . A respondent at a university in the Midlands said it tried ‘to attract as many international students as possible regardless of their language skills.’ As the survey was anonymous, there is no suggestion the complaints came from institutions that pay agencies fees to recruit internationally. Nicola Dandridge, of Universities UK, which represents the sector, said: ‘International students are subject to numerous tests to ensure they meet high English language requirements.’ The group said official guidance puts an onus on universities to ensure agents act ‘ethically and responsibly’.
Ireland started with purpose but went behind when Antonio Cassano headed in a near post Andrea Pirlo corner.
An equaliser would have knocked Italy out and their keeper Gianluigi Buffon smartly saved a Keith Andrews strike.
"I hope there are no dramatic changes for the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, because you have to remember what a brilliant achievement it was for us to get here in the first place.
"But my fear is what could happen to Giovanni Trapattoni.
"His team has not had the best of tournaments, and if we do not start out well on the road to the next World Cup in Brazil then I fear that people might turn on him."
I fear for Trapattoni, says Kevin Kilbane
Andrews was sent off for a second booking before Mario Balotelli volleyed in to settle Italian nerves.
Italy still had to endure a few more anxious moments as a Croatia equaliser against Spain in the other Group C game would have meant they were out of the tournament.
But Spain won and Italy will now play the winner of Group D, which includes England.
Ireland put in a more solid performance than in their two previous defeats, although it might not be enough to stop some of their old guard calling time on their international careers, and Shay Given, Robbie Keane, Damien Duff and Richard Dunne will all be left to mull over their futures.
The Irish had beaten Italy 18 years ago to the day at the 1994 World Cup but despite starting with pace and pressuring their opponents, they suffered from some poor decision making in the final third.
Italy weathered the Republic's early enthusiasm before gradually pinning their opponents back and being rewarded for their perseverance.
The opener came after some costly mistakes by Ireland, which started with Glenn Whelan giving the ball away to Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo.
Pirlo released Antonio Di Natale and he skipped over keeper Given but saw his effort from an acute angle cleared off the line by Sean St Ledger.
Ireland escaped this time but Given, so unusually uncertain at Euro 2012, quickly spilled a long range Cassano strike and the Azzurri seized on the error.
Cassano got his head to a near post Pirlo corner and although Given got a touch, the ball had already crossed the line before Duff - captain on his 100th Republic appearance - cleared.
The goal knocked the wind out of Ireland's sails and Given had to save a Di Natale shot as Italy threatened to overwhelm Giovanni Trapattoni's deflated side.
To their credit, the Republic regrouped and caused Italy some anxious moments, although only a powerful 25-yard shot from Andrews called Buffon into any serious action.
Andrews, already booked in the first half, was sent off after picking up a second yellow card.
He then furiously kicked out at the ball on his way off as he epitomised the frustrations of so many in the Ireland camp after a tournament in which they were comprehensively outplayed.
And Ireland's misery was compounded when Balotelli, side on to goal and with a defender in close attendance, volleyed in from a late corner.
Full Time   The final whistle goes and the game is over.
Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the right by-line.
Mario Balotelli has an effort at goal. Blocked by Stephen Ward. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Ignazio Abate on Damien Duff. Damien Duff crosses the ball in from the free kick, save made by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Alessandro Diamanti provided the assist for the goal.
Goal!  - Mario Balotelli -    Italy 2 - 0 R Ireland        Mario Balotelli gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the box to the top left corner of the goal. Italy 2-0 Rep of Ireland.
Inswinging corner taken from the right by-line by Alessandro Diamanti,
Daniele De Rossi restarts play with the free kick.
Dismissal      Keith Andrews sent off.
Foul by Keith Andrews on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded.
Mario Balotelli takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Jonathan Walters. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
Substitution      Simon Cox is brought on as a substitute for Robbie Keane.
Leonardo Bonucci produces a right-footed shot from just outside the area that goes harmlessly over the target.
Direct strike on goal from the free kick comes in from Alessandro Diamanti.
Booking      Sean St. Ledger is cautioned by the ref for dissent.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Mario Balotelli.
Damien Duff gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Direct free kick taken by Ignazio Abate.
Robbie Keane is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Andrea Barzagli restarts play with the free kick.
Foul by Jonathan Walters on Federico Balzaretti, free kick awarded. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
The ball is crossed by Stephen Ward, Headed effort from deep inside the penalty area by Jonathan Walters misses to the right of the target. The assistant referee flags for offside against Robbie Keane. Free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Jonathan Walters fouled by Alessandro Diamanti, the ref awards a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Damien Duff. Keith Andrews has an effort at goal from 25 yards. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Mario Balotelli by John O'Shea. Free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Unfair challenge on Stephen Ward by Alessandro Diamanti results in a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Substitution      Kevin Doyle goes off and Jonathan Walters comes on.
Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Damien Duff sends in a cross, Unfair challenge on Gianluigi Buffon by Richard Dunne results in a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Substitution      Mario Balotelli on for Antonio Di Natale.
Booking      Gianluigi Buffon goes into the book.
Richard Dunne fouled by Santos Thiago Motta, the ref awards a free kick. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Free kick crossed right-footed by Glenn Whelan, Ignazio Abate makes a clearance.
Booking      Booking for Daniele De Rossi for unsporting behaviour.
Daniele De Rossi concedes a free kick for a foul on Kevin Doyle.
Daniele De Rossi fouled by Shane Long, the ref awards a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Ignazio Abate challenges Robbie Keane unfairly and gives away a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the direct free kick.
Daniele De Rossi produces a cross, clearance made by Richard Dunne.
A cross is delivered by Ignazio Abate, Stephen Ward gets a block in.
John O'Shea challenges Alessandro Diamanti unfairly and gives away a free kick. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Shane Long concedes a free kick for a foul on Andrea Pirlo. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Richard Dunne is ruled offside. Indirect free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner from the right by-line taken by Damien Duff, Andrea Barzagli makes a clearance.
Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
Corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line.
Substitution      Shane Long replaces Aiden McGeady.
Effort from 25 yards by Keith Andrews. Daniele De Rossi gets a block in.
The offside flag is raised against Antonio Di Natale. Free kick taken by Sean St. Ledger. Kevin Doyle takes a shot. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Alessandro Diamanti concedes a free kick for a foul on Glenn Whelan. John O'Shea takes the free kick.
Substitution      Alessandro Diamanti is brought on as a substitute for Antonio Cassano.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by John O'Shea, the ref awards a free kick. Andrea Pirlo crosses the ball from the free kick right-footed from left by-line.
Keith Andrews has a volleyed shot. Comfortable save by Gianluigi Buffon. Unfair challenge on Santos Thiago Motta by Glenn Whelan results in a free kick. Santos Thiago Motta takes the direct free kick.
Kevin Doyle challenges Daniele De Rossi unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Santos Thiago Motta.
Claudio Marchisio has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
Foul by Damien Duff on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Direct free kick taken by Daniele De Rossi. Foul by Richard Dunne on Antonio Cassano, free kick awarded. Free kick taken by Federico Balzaretti.
Substitution      Leonardo Bonucci is brought on as a substitute for Giorgio Chiellini.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Save by Shay Given.
Aiden McGeady sends in a cross, Robbie Keane takes a shot. Blocked by Giorgio Chiellini. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff, Header by Richard Dunne from deep inside the penalty area misses to the right of the target.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Claudio Marchisio on Damien Duff. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Shot by Daniele De Rossi from outside the box goes over the net.
A cross is delivered by John O'Shea, Effort on goal by Kevin Doyle from just inside the area clears the crossbar.
Antonio Cassano takes a shot. Blocked by Richard Dunne. Effort from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
The ball is crossed by Andrea Pirlo, clearance made by Glenn Whelan.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line to the near post, Sean St. Ledger manages to make a clearance.
Federico Balzaretti produces a cross, Antonio Di Natale has a drilled shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
The referee blows his whistle to start the second half.
Half Time    It is the end of the first-half.
Giorgio Chiellini challenges Kevin Doyle unfairly and gives away a free kick. Keith Andrews restarts play with the free kick.
Inswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal. Blocked by Richard Dunne.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Robbie Keane.  Giorgio Chiellini takes the indirect free kick.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Santos Thiago Motta. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Unfair challenge on Aiden McGeady by Antonio Cassano results in a free kick. Shay Given restarts play with the free kick.
The ball is sent over by Antonio Cassano.
Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Booking      John O'Shea is given a yellow card.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Federico Balzaretti by John O'Shea.
Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Booking      Keith Andrews receives a yellow card.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick.
The assist for the goal came from Andrea Pirlo.
Goal!  - Antonio Cassano -    Italy 1 - 0 R Ireland        Antonio Cassano grabs a headed goal from inside the six-yard box. Italy 1-0 Rep of Ireland.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo,
Shot by Antonio Cassano. Save by Shay Given.
Antonio Di Natale has an effort at goal. Clearance by Sean St. Ledger.
The ball is crossed by Ignazio Abate, Antonio Di Natale takes a shot. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Federico Balzaretti. Shay Given takes the free kick.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Sean St. Ledger gets a block in.
Kevin Doyle challenges Andrea Barzagli unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Andrea Barzagli.
Direct free kick taken by Shay Given.
Booking      The referee books Federico Balzaretti for unsporting behaviour.
Aiden McGeady fouled by Federico Balzaretti, the ref awards a free kick.
The ball is crossed by Antonio Cassano, Shot from 12 yards by Antonio Di Natale. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
Claudio Marchisio concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Damien Duff delivers the ball from the free kick left-footed from left wing, free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Giorgio Chiellini by Sean St. Ledger. Direct free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Andrea Barzagli on Robbie Keane. Sean St. Ledger takes the direct free kick.
The ball is delivered by Damien Duff, Header by Sean St. Ledger from deep inside the penalty area misses to the left of the target.
Damien Duff decides to take the corner short.
Aiden McGeady delivers the ball.
Aiden McGeady is ruled offside. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Kevin Doyle fouled by Giorgio Chiellini, the ref awards a free kick. Aiden McGeady crosses the ball in from the free kick, free kick awarded for a foul by Richard Dunne on Andrea Barzagli. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Shot from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is delivered by Antonio Cassano, Sean St. Ledger makes a clearance.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Aiden McGeady.  Daniele De Rossi takes the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by Robbie Keane, the ref awards a free kick. Federico Balzaretti restarts play with the free kick.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line played to the near post, clearance made by Aiden McGeady.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
The ball is swung over by Antonio Cassano, clearance made by John O'Shea.
Antonio Di Natale concedes a free kick for a foul on Keith Andrews. Shay Given takes the direct free kick.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
A cross is delivered by Andrea Pirlo, Keith Andrews manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is sent over by Federico Balzaretti, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Keith Andrews gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrea Pirlo. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Antonio Di Natale crosses the ball, Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
The match gets underway.
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
Reverend Barry Trayhorn told an employment tribunal he had read the verses at HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire in 2014.
He was told complaints were made by gay prisoners and alleges he was unfairly dismissed.
His case against the secretary of state for justice continues.
Mr Trayhorn, 51, an ordained Pentecostal Christian minister from Sandy in Bedfordshire, had been working as a gardening supervisor at the prison at Perry near St Neots.
He had been invited to lead the worship at services once a week from 2012.
He told the tribunal in Bedford, he "often focused on Christian teachings about sin and repentance".
He confirmed the Bible passage in question was 1 Corinthians Chapter 6 Verses 9-11 which includes the lines "neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor coveters, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the Kingdom of God" and he read it on 31 May 2014.
Mr Trayhorn said he heard later that a gay prisoner had complained or was upset and there was "some sort of campaign" to remove him from chapel services.
"But I fear and do not believe it is right to alter the Christian faith so as to tailor it to any modern view of sexual ethics," he told the hearing.
He said he was told he could no longer volunteer at chapel services, complaints were then also made about his gardening work and he was told to attend a disciplinary hearing in a letter which said he had made a "homophobic statement".
He was signed off work in August 2014 with stress and resigned in November saying he had been harassed because of his Christian faith and it was impossible for him to return to work.
It means £1.3m of planned cuts will be avoided but other savings will be made.
These include £500,000 by changing the council's policy on sickness absence and a further £500,000 in schools energy incentives.
A Liberal Democrats proposal to save money by cutting the pay of senior councillors was defeated.
SNP councillors had said they would oppose any cuts in funding to services supporting vulnerable people.
The ruling group, made up of independent councillors had proposed cuts in funding for deprived areas, street cleansing, homeless support, women's aid groups and the Blas Music Festival.
They said the savings had been forced on the authority, in part because of the council tax freeze.
Earlier this month, all 32 local authorities in Scotland accepted the Scottish government's funding deal worth £10.3bn.
Many did so reluctantly, claiming the continued council tax freeze would lead to severe pressure on budgets.
Highland Council's leader Margaret Davidson said not being able to raise funds from a tax increase would result in job cuts and some services being axed.
Bill Fernie, the council's budget leader, said the local authority had to deal with "unprecedented challenges" in setting a balanced budget.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 7 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 7 February 2014 . A newborn who vanished from a southern Wisconsin home was found alive in a tote bag this morning at a gas station in eastern Iowa. Town of Beloit Police Chief Steven Kopp says the nearly week-old Kayden Powell was discovered by the police chief of West Branch, Iowa, checking along Interstate 80 at around 10.15am Friday. FBI acting special agent G.B. Jones said at a news conference the chief heard the infant crying and discovered the child swaddled in blankets and placed in a tote bag outside a gas station. Scroll down for video . Safe and sound: Six-day-old Kayden Powell is pictured here Friday after he was found alive in West Branch, Iowa, swaddled in blankets and placed . inside a tote bag against the cold . Missing: Kayden Powell, now six days old, . disappeared from his bassinet in the early hours of Thursday at a home . in Beloit, Wisconsin . Birth: Brianna Marshall, 18, gave birth Kayden at Beloit Hospital while his father, Bruce Powell, 23, was present . Authorities say baby Kayden appears to be in 'excellent health' despite the frigid temperatures. 'Our efforts are clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child. That's the immediate focus. In fact we're taking steps right now to make sure that happens,' Jones said. Person of interest: Police in Iowa arrested . Kristin Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of the baby's mother, . on unrelated fraud charges . Federal, . state and local law enforcement officers had been looking for the baby . since early Thursday when his mother, 18-year-old Brianna Marshall, . discovered him missing from a bassinet in a Town of Beloit home. Officers have arrested 'person of . interest' Kristen Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of Miss . Marshall, several hours later in the neighboring state of Iowa. The . woman is no longer considered as suspect in the case but is being held . on separate fraud charges. Authorities questioned a number of people, including Miss Powell, 18, Kayden's . father Bruce Powell, 23, Miss Powell's brother and Kayden's great-grandmother - all of whom who were in the house . when the baby was discovered missing early Thursday morning. Miss Marshall and Mr Powell, were . sleeping in the same room as their son when they discovered he was missing at about 4.30am. Right place, right time: Authorities gather at a gas station in West Branch, Iowa, where a missing newborn was found alive Friday when the local police chief heard a baby crying . Search: Forty officers from law enforcement agencies have now joined in the search for missing Kayden . Parents: Miss Marshall, pictured with Mr Powell, discovered her newborn baby had vanished from their home in the Town of Beloit, Wisconsin, at 4.30am. The couple had been sleeping in the same room as their son, Kayden . Miss Marshall then raised the alarm by calling 911, said Chief Kopp. Police said there were no signs of forced entry at the house. A 'person of interest' - believed to be a stepsister of Miss Marshall - was . arrested Thursday afternoon in Iowa on a warrant issued out of Texas, but police have . since said she is not a suspect in the child's disappearance. Kristin . Smith was arrested in West Branch on fraud charges after a warrant was . put out for her arrest in Texas. Arrest: 'Person of interest' Kristin Smith was arrested in West Branch, Iowa on separate fraud charges on Thursday. She is no longer considered a person of interest in the missing baby case . Scene: Baby Kayden was snatched from his crib at this Wisconsin home yesterday morning. Police say there were no signs of forced entry at the house, which is currently being processed as a crime scene . She claims to be Miss Marshall's half-sister, with the women sharing the . same father. The women had reportedly discussed moving to Colorado, . along with Mr Powell, after the baby was born. Alert: Miss Marshall called 911 after awaking at 4.30am and finding her newborn son was missing . Chief . Kopp confirmed that Smith left the home around 1.30am Thursday - before Miss Marshall reported that Kayden was missing. Kopp said that Smith was visiting the home on Wednesday evening but left early on Thursday for Colorado where she lives. Police were able to reach the woman on her cellphone and she pulled off the highway in Iowa. Authorities took the woman into custody on an unrelated outstanding warrant from Texas. West Branch, Iowa, is 170miles from Beloit - roughly a two-and-a-half-hour drive away. The . homeowner of the property where Kayden and his parents were staying is listed as . 46-year-old Mark Bennett, who has a history of arrests for battery and . criminal misdemeanors. Chief Kopp says the incident is not . believed to be a custody dispute - adding that an Amber Alert was not . issued because the disappearance doesn't meet the criteria. An Amber Alert is only issued if the child is at risk of serious injury . or death and there is sufficient descriptive information of the child, . captor or captor's vehicle. Kayden was born at Beloit Memorial Hospital six days ago. The Town of Beloit, home to about 7,700 people, is about 50 miles south of Madison near the Illinois border.
Former deputy prime minister John Prescott said Mr Paisley sr's phone was bugged in his Sunday Mirror column.
He said he was told of the tap on the former DUP leader's phone by then prime minister Tony Blair in 2005.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells has called on Lord Prescott to clarify when, exactly, the alleged tapping happened.
North Antrim MP Ian Paisley jr said his father would always have been careful when speaking on the phone.
"It would have been something that he would have been aware of, because people would have said to him 'be careful with your phone, it's being listened to'," he told BBC NI's Sunday News programme.
"Finding out who was listening to it is, of course, a different matter, but the suspicion was always there that it was the security services.
"For MI5 or MI6 to be engaged in doing that at the behest of the British prime minister is frankly wrong and now that it's been confirmed by John Prescott, the number two in the government, I think that his government needs to be held to account."
He added: "I certainly intend, by way of a point of order, to raise this in parliament on the 18th of April, when parliament reconvenes - I'm not going to let this rest."
Mr Paisley sr, who went on to become first minister of Northern Ireland, died in 2014.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson introduced the Wilson Doctrine in 1966, which ruled that MPs' communications must not be intercepted by the police and security Â­services.
If an MP was tapped, the prime minister would have to tell parliament.
Writing in his Sunday Mirror column, Mr Prescott said: "In 2005, when I was deputy PM, I was told by Tony Blair an MP had been tapped in the past without parliament being told.
"I asked him who it was and he told me the MP was the Rev Ian Paisley.
"Downing Street had been told by the interception of communications commissioner, who wanted to name Paisley.
"Tony asked me to discuss the Wilson Doctrine with the speaker of the House of Commons.
"I never told him (the speaker) that an MP had been tapped or that it was Paisley."
Mr Prescott declined to be interviewed by the BBC.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells who was chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee at Westminster from Autumn 2008 until his retirement in 2010, told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that questions needed to be asked and, if necessary, these should be put to whoever was prime minister at the time of the alleged tapping.
"I'm not surprised that Ian Paisley wants to know the truth. The country needs the truth as well," Mr Howells said.
"If it is true that phone tapping was going on, then Parliament should have been informed about it."
Mr Howells said phone tapping is allowed if the person who is being watched or listened to is considered to be a threat to national security. I'm not aware that Rev Ian Paisley - I assume in the 2000s - was regarded as a threat to national security."
He said Lord Prescott should make things clear.
"If there isn't a clear answer very quickly, then there ought to be questions posed to whom ever was the person responsible for doing this at the time and that would be a prime minister.
"Rev Ian Paisley was a prominent figure in British politics. I think the prime minister would have to say yes his phone was tapped or no his phone wasn't.
"This is about trust in the end between the elected government, the executive and the intelligence services.
"The intelligence services don't want to be branded by these conspiracy theory lunatics as some kind of shady alternative government.
"They operate within the law and they will want to be quite clear to all MPs now and to those who served in the past that they weren't objects of surveillance and they weren't being spied upon throughout their political careers."
By . David Mccormack . A photograph of a young mother breastfeeding at her recent graduation ceremony has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, stayed in school and completed her accounting degree. At her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month, she brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah. A photo of Karlesha Thurman, 25, breastfeeding at her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore . After the ceremony, Karlesha was proudly showing off her daughter to friends when Aaliyah became hungry. Still dressed in her cap and gown, Karlesha decided to feed her baby and a friend, who thought it cool, asked if they could take a picture. A couple of days ago she posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public. ‘I did it to show it’s natural, it’s normal, there’s nothing wrong with it,’ Karlesha told Today. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, remained in school and secured an accounting degree, she graduated from Long Beach State University in California last month . Karlesha posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public . 'It’s not disgusting, it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a negative thing. It’s the best thing for my daughter. More people should do it,' she added. Though Karlesha has since deleted her photo, the Facebook group decided to share the photo as part of their efforts to try and normalize breast-feeding in public. ‘Congratulations, mama!!!! Giving her daughter more gifts than one! Isn't this beautiful?! #normalizebreastfeeding,’ read the caption. As the photo spread, the Facebook page – and Karlesha - received a lot of support. 'Congratulations to the mom for graduating & putting your baby 1st,' Michelle Spruill wrote on the group’s Facebook page. Karlesha brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah to her graduation last month . 'I breast-fed all 3 of my babies. I didn't let my babies starve because of how it would make someone else feel. Good job!' As well as support, the photo also drew some negative comments as well. Some people though it was inappropriate and that she should have covered up. 'Maybe I still have sleep in my eyes but did U just see a pic of a chick really breastfeeding during middle of her graduation?' tweeted Moderate. Karlesha, however, has no regrets. ‘I was proud of the fact that not only did I graduate but that I got to share the moment with the one person who is the most important to me and that is my daughter,’ she told Today.
The track sold 117,000 copies, some 40,000 more than its closest rival, Avicii's Wake Me Up, according to the Official Charts Company.
Lady Gaga's Applause was the second highest new entry at five. It was released midweek after leaking online.
Last week's number one, Miley Cyrus's We Can't Stop, fell two places to number three.
Goulding's previous highest charting single was her cover of Elton John's Your Song, which peaked at two in 2010.
Burn features on the deluxe edition of the 26-year-old's album Halcyon, which also climbed seven places in the album chart to 19.
"It means the world to me to be number one at the moment," the singer told the chart compiler. "It was always my dream to have a UK number one single and it's been a long time coming."
See the UK Top 40 singles chart
See the UK Top 40 albums chart
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show
Elsewhere in the singles chart, there were four new entries in the top 20.
Arctic Monkeys' Why'd You Call Me When You're High - taken from their new album, AM, which is released next month - was at eight, while The Wanted achieved their ninth top 10 hit with We Own the Night at 10.
Ray Foxx's Boom Boom also entered the chart at 12.
In the album chart, Britain's Got Talent duo Richard and Adam Johnson held on to the top spot for a third consecutive week with their debut record, The Impossible Dream.
The brothers' album of classical renditions of standards such as The Power of Love and Unchained Melody is now tied with Justin Timberlake's The 20/20 Experience for the most consecutive weeks at number one this year so far.
Rudimental climbed five places to two on the chart, while Imagine Dragons remained at three.
White Lies had the highest new entry at four with Big TV, with Passenger's All The Little Lights rounding out the top five.
Whether it's being used as a swanky party venue, floating showroom or private vessel, the Xhibitionist is certainly a boat designed to turn heads. The 75 metre long vessel is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht which even comes with its own supercar. Designed by Swedish-based car designer Eduard Gray, the slick ship's interior is decked out in Art Nouveau decor, with classic touches like a Steinway piano, a dual staircase, and fine crystal Baccarat lighting. But you'll need Bruce Wayne's bank account if you want to buy one. The lead-in price is 2 million euros (£16million) for a 'basic' model. Keeping with its automotive theme, the Xhibitionist has space for a car showroom and 'engine room', complete with exposed engines displayed behind glass walls. Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-hood-like deck to power the ship, and the panels double up as a concert space or helipad with space for three helicopters. The fly deck even features a Jacuzzi, and by night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting. As for the Xhibitionist's price? 'As far as investments go, the 75 m luxury yacht Xhibitionist concept resembles more of a real estate and marketing venture than a yacht.' If you have to ask, you know you can't afford it. Scroll down for video . Is it a boat, is it a car? No, it's a megayacht. The supercar designer's megaboat costs more than £16 million . The 229ft-wide Xhibitionist is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht designed by Swedish supercar designer Eduard Gray . Holy moley! A good sized helipad on deck ensures A-listers can be flown in if needed . Shiny shiny: Believe it or not this is actually the inside of the boat. It feels as large as an airplane hangar, but with an Art Nouvea vibe . Can we make it a car showroom? Apparently so, this boat is big enough to take an entire fleet of Bentleys . Opulence: Sofa space for chilling out, tick. But where's the television? And where better to chill out and watch the sunset than atop the deck... hang on, is that a band playing up there? It may look like a deep sea creature from the abyssal plains but this is just the megayacht with its lights on after dark . And of course every megayacht needs a megacar for those all important onshore errands. Right, have we run out of champagne again? Slimline: Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-bonnet-like deck to power the ship . And so to bed: By night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting .
By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Mollie King landed herself a modelling contract earlier this year - and it seems that another member of The Saturdays is giving her a run for her money. Vanessa White, known as the 'party girl' of the pop group, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women’s Special Talent division. Vanessa, 24, will be joining a roster of top UK faces including Agyness Deyn and Sienna Miller, as well as talents such as Laura Whitmore, Millie Macintosh and Tom Odell. Scroll down for video . Looking good! Vanessa White, who found fame with The Saturdays, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women's Special Talent division . Select is proud to welcome Vanessa to their agency with a representative saying: 'We love her unique personal style and presence, as do her fans. 'At Select Model Management we choose to work with influencers who have a strong and confident image and Vanessa's style and infectious personality work perfectly for us. We know she has great things ahead of her.' Vanessa rose to fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. As one of the youngest of the group, Vanessa became the only member to sing a solo in every song of their debut album, Chasing Lights. Happy to have her: The agency, who has Sienna Miller on its books, says they are proud to welcome Vanessa because they love her unique personal style and presence . Finding fame: Vanessa rose to immediate fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records, is known as the party girl of the group . 'She has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed,' say her agency. Vanessa added: 'I am so excited to have signed with Select Model Management. I have always adored fashion and I can't believe I am now on the books of one of the biggest and most respected modelling agencies in the country. 'I feel so lucky to be amongst other great talent.' Love her look: The agency say that the 24-year-old has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed . Vanessa is currently dating Gary Salter, who she has been with for over two years and they attended Frankie Sandford's wedding together at Woburn Abbey in Bedfordshire on Saturday. The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection. With performances from September 7-23 nationwide, the girls will no doubt wow their fans with a re-cap of their most successful pop moments. Girl group: Frankie Sandford, Una Healy, Rochelle Wiseman, Vanessa White and Mollie King of The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection . Where it all began: The five piece group started on their journey in 2009 and have since become one of the most successful girl groups of the decade .
(CNN) -- Spanish La Liga side Malaga have continued their recruitment drive with the purchases of French midfielder Jeremy Toulalan from Lyon and experienced Dutch central defender Joris Mathijsen from Hamburg. The 27-year-old Toulalan, who represented France at both Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup finals, has agreed a four-year contract and will be presented by the club at the end of June. He joined Lyon from Nantes in 2006 for $10.5 million, and is a regular for his country -- winning 36 international caps. German striking legend Klose completes move to Lazio . Meanwhile, Mathijsen, 31, spent five successful seasons at Hamburg and has won 72 caps for the Netherlands, playing in last year's World Cup final defeat by Spain. Malaga are owned by Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani, who has invested a lot of money into the squad, since purchasing the club in June 2010. They flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th in the table and coach Manuel Pellegrini has brought in the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Julio Baptista, Enzo Maresca and Martin Demichelis over the past year to launch a challenge for a Europa League place this season. Meanwhile, Premier League side Newcastle have made their second summer signing with the capture of Senegalese striker Demba Ba from relegated West Ham. Ba, 26, had a clause in his contract which allowed him to move on if West ham were relegated, and he joins French midfielder Yohan Cabaye in arriving at St James' Park. The signing makes some amends for Newcastle, who this week lost club captain Kevin Nolan, ironically to West Ham. The 28-year-old Nolan, the highest scoring midfielder in the Premier League last season with 12 goals, signed a five-year deal with the London side to be reunited once again with his former manager at Bolton, Sam Allardyce.
A postman has been jailed for stealing hundreds of packages containing valuables and then making £15,500 by selling them online. Andrew Barratt, 49, took an estimated 400 items such as satnavs, digital cameras and computer games which his wife Michelle, 38, then auctioned on eBay. Their scam was foiled in April 2012 when Royal Mail investigators posted an iPad with a tracking device. It failed to arrive and was followed to their home in Stockport. Andrew Barratt, 49, was jailed for 15 months while his wife Michelle (left) was given 120 hours' unpaid work . Barratt, a postman for 14 years, was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked. He was jailed for 15 months after admitting theft and converting criminal property. His wife was given 120 hours' unpaid work after pleading guilty to converting criminal property. At Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, Judge Leslie Hull said they had run 'a thoroughly dishonest scheme'. Barratt was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked from his position as a postman at Royal Mail . Most of the items had been sent out by Amazon – which had reported around 2,000 lost packages in the postcodes where Barratt worked. An eBay account under the name 'ShellB76' run by Mrs Barratt was found to have sold 463 items – most of them electrical goods – since June 2010. Their retail value was almost £21,000. Two of the items – a camcorder and a Sony Walkman – had been reported stolen to police. She told detectives she had bought the items at car boot sales, despite the fact many of the sales were computer games which had been released just days earlier. The couple eventually pleaded guilty on the day of their trial. Defending Mr Barratt, Milena Bennett said he had stolen the goods while 'self-medicating' psoriasis with cannabis and amphetamines. A Royal Mail spokesman confirmed Barratt was sacked and said they seek to prosecute any members of staff who tampers with mail. He said: 'Royal Mail has a zero tolerance approach to any dishonesty and that stance is shared by the overwhelming majority of postmen and women. 'We will not allow the actions of any individual to damage the good reputation of our thousands of hard-working postmen and women. 'It is a criminal offence to tamper with or delay the delivery of mail and anyone caught doing so will face serious disciplinary measures. 'Royal Mail will always seek to prosecute the tiny minority of people who abuse their position of trust.'
A woman in China has been slammed online after she prevented firefighters from breaking the window of her luxury car in order to rescue her trapped three-year-old son.

 China's state broadcaster CCTV reported that the incident, which occurred in the city of Yiwu in Zhejiang province last Saturday (July 11), triggered an outpouring of anger on social media.

 Large crowds had gathered after hearing the boy's cries of help coming from within the BMW, but were surprised to find his unperturbed mother standing outside the car.

 With the boy growing visibly weaker as he clawed in vain against the car window, firefighters attempted to break the window but were stopped by the mother.

 An eyewitness said the mother insisted that they wait for a locksmith to unlock the car door as she did not want to damage the car. But the firefighters ignored her and ended up smashing the window to rescue her son.

 "It is very dangerous to leave kids inside the car, especially in such heat," one firefighter was quoted as saying.

 "The temperature inside the car can soar in a very short time and threaten the child's life."

 Netizens expressed shock and disgust at the woman's actions.

 One wrote sarcastically: "Looks like the car window is her real son." ||||| BMW logos are displayed on a production line in Berlin. Reuters

 This post has been updated since it was first published. See note below.

 China’s Internet has lit up with debate this week after reports of a mother who left her young son alone in her BMW – then refused to smash the luxury car’s windows in order to rescue him from the heat.

 The mother, who has not been named in Chinese news reports, has since denied that she opposed smashing the window and says that she tried to break it herself, to no avail.

 Advertisement

 The incident took place last Saturday night, when firefighters in the city of Yiwu in coastal Zhejiang province received a call alerting them that a child was locked inside a BMW, according to the Zhejiang Online provincial news site.

 When the firefighters arrived, they found a young boy sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, crying and prying at the glass, the report said, citing one of the rescuers. The child had already been trapped in the car for about an hour, it said, and two locksmiths were already at work trying to open the door, while a large crowd was gathered around watching.

 According to Zhejiang Online, the firefighters began to negotiate with the child’s mother, who urged them to wait for the locksmiths to open the door. After several minutes they were still unsuccessful, and the crowd began to condemn the mother. Finally, the report said, the firefighters insisted on smashing the glass, saving the frightened child.

 Days after the initial report, the mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that the incident had been misunderstood. In an interview published Wednesday, she said that she had tried to break the window using a stone and hammer, and then called the police after her efforts failed. She maintained that she had hoped the locksmiths could open the door as the breaking glass could frighten or injure her 17-month-old son trapped inside.

 The Hangzhou-based newspaper also quoted a firefighter who defended the mother and said the confusion could have arisen because she “didn’t say anything” when he initially asked for permission to break the window.

 Photos posted online by the website showed large crowds of onlookers blocking a main street as they gathered around a fire engine and the black luxury car.

 On China’s Weibo microblogs – where reports of the incident had received more than 7.6 million views as of Thursday afternoon – users responded with fury to the initial report, with many arguing that the mother’s behavior was an example of values gone awry in modern China.

 “It’s clear that for this mother, a car is more important than her child,” one Weibo user wrote.

 “Leaving a child trapped in a car on such a hot summer day, and then refusing to smash the window? Do you really want your child to suffocate?” wrote another.

 Remarked another: “If you encounter this kind of situation, the answer is simple: First smash up the parents, then smash the glass.”

 After the mother’s defense, however, some users directed their rage at the media, arguing that the tale was only the latest case of a news story being blown out of proportion.

 “Some journalists know that ‘Dog Bites Man’ isn’t really news, so they try to rewrite it as ‘Man Bites Dog,’” one Weibo user wrote Thursday morning. “In the end they just cause a big stir.”

 China has experienced dazzling economic growth in recent years, and with it has come soul-searching over whether public values have now shifted toward the pursuit of material wealth at any cost.

 Owners of glitzy cars have become a particular scourge, with 80% of respondents in a Hurun Research Institute survey last year saying that they had heard negative news reports involving drivers of luxury vehicles. 70% of the bad publicity was related to BMW owners, the survey said.

 –Felicia Sonmez. Follow her on Twitter @feliciasonmez.

 (Note: This post has been updated to include comments from the mother and local rescuers in news reports published Wednesday, and subsequent reactions among social media users.)

 Sign up for CRT’s daily newsletter to get the latest headlines by email.



 For the latest news and analysis, follow @ChinaRealTime



  ||||| Chinese drivers of BMW cars are seen as newly rich, materialistic showoffs by drivers of other luxury brands. Yet such owners consider themselves relatively discreet entrepreneurs with a positive outlook on life.

 That’s just one of the findings of a survey of luxury car owners in China published Wednesday.

 The survey, conducted by wealth research firm Hurun Research Institute, compared the images of eight foreign luxury brands vying for a spot in the country’s luxury car market, which is widely expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s biggest in the next few years.

 But an anticorruption drive by the Chinese government is changing how those living the high life are perceived by a Chinese public that increasingly frowns on ostentatious displays of wealth.

 According to the report, 80% of all respondents had heard negative news about luxury car owners, which in years past have included a famous 2011 incident in which one BMW owner, son of a famous military singer, attacked a couple during a road rage episode. Of the bad publicity, 70% was related to BMW owners.

 The survey didn’t list similar statistics for other brands.

 BMW didn’t respond to requests for comment Wednesday.

 One hundred car owners for each of the eight brands were surveyed in selected cities across China between February and October. Respondents, of which three-quarters were male, had an average age of 33.5 years and average family income of just over 1 million yuan, or around $175,000.

 The survey found that Audi has the most clearly defined image of all brands, with owners seen as mature, experienced government officials. For some prospective luxury car buyers this can translate into, well, kind of boring. Audi says the days of its brand being closely associated with Chinese bureaucrats have passed and that its image has undergone a transformation toward more vitality.

 Of the leading three German brands that dominate China’s market, the self-image of those who drive Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz aligns very closely with how drivers of other luxury cars perceive them—namely, as successful, cultured entrepreneurs.

 For what it’s worth, Mercedes drivers also had the highest income among participants.

 The image of more recent entrants into China’s luxury car market is also becoming more defined.

 Jaguar Land Rover’s sport-utility drivers are seen as young showoffs with new money, the survey found. Land Rover owners had the lowest level of education among survey participants. JLR said Land Rover caters to a broad range of customers in China with diverse backgrounds.

 General Motor’s Cadillac drivers were seen as mature and successful (so much for that young, trendy image GM has been spending heavily to cultivate for the brand—from hiring actor Brad Pitt for advertising campaigns to hosting glamorous launch parties on Shanghai’s iconic Bund and sponsoring funky art installations.)

 Infiniti drivers were seen as glitzy, glamorous movie-star types whom China Real Time reckons probably need to wait tables by day–Infiniti owners had the lowest income among those surveyed. Infiniti said it targets young-minded premium customers.

 As for Volvo? Drivers of the Chinese-owned Swedish brand are seen as—yawn–highly educated, valuable members of society who are family-oriented and morally upright.

 –Rose Yu and Colum Murphy

 Note: This item has been updated to reflect comment from Jaguar Land Rover.

 _____________________________________

 Also popular on China Real Time now:

 China’s Over-Reliance on Guaranteed Loans, in 3 Charts

 As China Cracks Down on Illegal Videos, Lovers of Foreign TV Mourn |||||
 Tony Adams wants the current Arsenal squad to stop calling him ‘Mr Adams’. He wants to stop having to tell them how it feels to be a winner because none of them know. He wants them to start writing their own history, starting with lifting the FA Cup at Wembley. It feels fitting that Adams is speaking at Repton Boxing Club in east London, in front of a black and white poster screaming ‘No Guts No Glory’. He is incredulous that Arsenal could be stifled by the tag of favourites and seems equally unimpressed as he explains Arsene Wenger believes he has a squad capable of winning the Champions League. Mr Arsenal: Tony Adams (left) won plenty of trophies as Arsenal skipper including the 1989 league title . Tear it down: Adams has been honoured with a statue, but wants this generation to write a new history . But then Adams, as he puts it, ‘likes winning things’. The former Arsenal captain can look back on four League titles, three FA Cups and two League Cups between 1987 and 2002. If his old club secure fourth place in the Barclays Premier League and the FA Cup this season it would only mean the campaign has ‘not been a failure; not like having to play in the Europa League like Tottenham’. He adds: ‘None of this Arsenal team knows what it’s like to win a trophy for the club. Arsene remembers, but not these players. ‘I did a Q&A with some of the players the other week, and all the questions about winning were coming to me because they didn’t have the answers. ‘I was talking to Carl Jenkinson and Kieran Gibbs and I was telling them: “You need to know how it feels just to get over the line” because it’s a weird feeling. ‘It was normal for us to win games. I’m not so sure this group of players has that. ‘They call me Mr Adams and stuff! I’m not sure I ever called older players “Mister”. Ambition: Wenger badly wants to win the Champions League after coming so close in 2006, says Adams . Learning to win: Adams has had to answer questions about success to both GIbbs (left) and Jenkinson (right) ‘I want them to be pushing me to the side and ripping my statue down and make their own history. ‘They’re lovely guys, but they need leadership. Mikel Arteta’s a good pro without being, for me, a great player, but he will say “come on”. ‘(Per) Mertesacker’s been more verbal this year. I had a go at Per at the beginning of the season and said: “You don’t have to be Mr Nice Guy, you don’t have to be liked.” You don’t just go through your career letting it go by and missing the moment.’ Adams believes Wenger had ‘10 easy years’ in his first decade at Arsenal, having inherited that famous back five and an ‘unbelievable squad’ of players ‘ready to be taught’. The 47-year-old thinks the Frenchman should sign a new contract at the club, regardless of the outcome at Wembley, but disagrees with Wenger’s optimism about the potential of his squad to win Europe’s most glittering prize. Leaders: Both Arteta (left) and Mertesacker (right) have had to learn to be more assertive this season . ‘I think Arsene really wants to win the Champions League,’ says Adams, ‘and I think he still thinks this group of players can do it for him. While he’s still got that belief, he’ll stick around. ‘If he thought that this squad couldn’t win him the Champions League I think he’d move on to Barcelona or a club that would deliver that for him before he goes to Paris Saint-Germain. ‘Do I share that optimism? No, I don’t. I don’t think the full backs are good enough. They’ve really struggled this year. ‘But I think Arsene should stay. I think, financially, he does fantastic for the club and there’s a great structure in place and better the devil you know. ‘He came in to take over an unbelievable squad, with an untapped French market, and he found a captain who had sobered up six weeks ago and was ready to grab life, instead of grabbing a pint, so a lot of his circumstances are to do with timing. ‘When the teacher appeared, that team was ready to run. I think he had 10 easy years, really.’ In conjunction with The European Azerbaijan Society and to mark World Refugee Week, Tony Adams is promoting a gala charity boxing night at York Hall, East London, on Friday 27th June. Tickets are available at www.Repton-Gabala.eventbrite.co.uk and proceeds will go to the Mo Farah Foundation.
(CNN) -- When looking at the world's lowest unemployment rates, one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia. Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3%, ranking them in the top six overall, according to tradingeconomics.com. "One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China," said George T. Haley, a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "New Asian Emperors: The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese." Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead. But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world. "The U.S., in its policies back during the Vietnam War, encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism," Haley said. "And over time, it just became a good place to invest. You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government, and you had the growing economy, which just fed on itself." Speaking of the U.S., its unemployment rate is 9.2%, which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries. While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia, take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt. Many countries define unemployment differently, so it's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions. It's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010. Many countries are not on this list because they haven't released their rates in years, if at all. So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25%, they are likely far from the world's worst. The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries, and eight of them are above 50%. Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95%. Other notable countries on the table: . *** America's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors, Mexico (5.2%) and Canada (7.4%). *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs, especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa. Tunisia, the first government to fall, had an unemployment rate of 13% one month before its revolution. Egypt's rate was just under 12% in March. Morocco, another country in North Africa experiencing unrest, reported a rate of 9.1%.  *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union. Ireland and Greece are both above 14%, while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4%. But it's Spain, at 21.3%, that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU.
By . Anna Hodgekiss . Doctors using Skype to check on a patient at home helped save her husband’s life when he collapsed in front of them. Medics were monitoring kidney patient Brenda Griffin via the internet when they saw her husband, Peter, who was sitting next to her, keel over. The hospital staff immediately dialled 999 and told Mrs Griffin how she could unlink herself from her kidney dialysis machine so she could help her 70-year-old husband. Medics who were monitoring Brenda Griffin while she underwent dialysis via the internet saw her husband Peter collapse on camera and were able to guide Mrs Griffin on how to unlink herself and help her husband . Paramedics were alerted and he was was rushed to hospital where it was discovered he had bowel cancer. Mrs Griffin, 65, from Draycott, near Derby, said: 'I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t been using Skype that day. 'Skype had already given me my life back because it meant I could have my treatment at home. Now it’s saved my husband as well.' Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology to speak to patients at home. Mrs Griffin uses Skype on her tablet (pictured) to talk to experts, which allows her to have her kidney dialysis treatment at home. Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology so that patients do not have to spend so much time in hospital . Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time. But the treatment was gruelling and left her exhausted, so doctors came up with an alternative solution. Instead of traipsing into hospital, she would be able to stay at home to have her dialysis treatment, speaking face to face with staff at the hospital’s renal unit via Skype on her Kindle tablet. Mrs Griffin, a retired receptionist, said: 'My husband had set up the machine for me but it was one of those days where we were having problems with it, so I decided to Skype the unit. 'While I was talking, Peter suddenly said he didn’t feel well. He sat down and then, all of a sudden, he passed out. 'The hospital was asking what was going on as Peter came around. He went to go and mop his brow but then he passed out again. Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time . 'At this point, I was tied up to my machine so I couldn’t do anything. Peter normally helps me out with it. 'So the hospital sent out for the paramedics and then guided me on how to take myself off it. By the time I had managed to take the needles out, the paramedics had arrived. 'If it hadn’t been for Skype, I don’t know what would have happened. It’s a wonderful thing.' Mr Griffin, a retired British Rail supervisor, was taken to hospital after his collapse last November. Tests revealed he had collapsed and felt unwell because he was suffering from bowel cancer. Doctors operated on him the following month and he is now receiving lower doses of chemotherapy at home, through tablets. The hospital is hoping to extend Skype consultations to other departments.
They say it is a result of significant increase in loss of human lives from attacks by wild animals.
The problem is especially acute in buffer zones between human settlements and national parks.
In recent years, Nepal has developed a successful protection programme for many endangered species.
The Chitwan National Park in southern Nepal has more than 500 rhinos, up from half that figure few years ago, and more than 125 tigers.
The Bardiya National Park in the west now has more than 80 elephants, almost 10 times as many as there were in the 1990s.
In the Himalayas, the numbers of endangered species like snow leopards and red pandas have been growing as well.
And the country has nearly 24% of its land area as protected areas, including national parks, conservation areas and wildlife reserves.
With all these achievements in nature conservation, however, Nepal has also witnessed a rising number of human deaths and property losses because of wildlife.
In the last five years, more than 80 people have been killed by wild elephants while 17 of the animals died in retaliatory killings, according to forest ministry officials.
Last month, local people in Chitwan, southern Nepal, staged a strike and demanded that a rogue elephant be killed after it had taken the lives of three people.
A few months ago, a leopard in western Nepal caused terror as it killed more than a dozen people within a matter of weeks.
In eastern Nepal, herds of wild elephants continue to rampage, demolishing human settlements and raiding crops.
Meanwhile, common leopards are increasingly attacking children and livestock in the hilly region.
Further north, in the trans-Himalayan region, locals continue to complain about snow leopards preying on their livestock.
Although forest ministry officials are yet to compile the latest data on these losses, they do admit that such incidents have gone up remarkably.
"Before, we used to record about 30 human deaths because of wildlife attacks annually but in the past few years the figure appears to have risen significantly," said Forest Ministry spokesman Krishna Acharya who, until recently, headed Nepal's Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation.
He added: "The time has now come for us to determine how many such wildlife species we can have in our protected areas."
WWF's Nepal country director, Anil Manandhar, said the problem had become quite serious.
"This is now something that could become the biggest threat and setback for Nepal's success in wildlife conservation," he explained.
Wildlife experts say human settlements known as buffer zones around national parks have become flashpoints for human-wildlife encounters.
"The numbers of rhinos and tigers are increasing in the national park and they are moving out in search of food and space. Meanwhile, the increasing human population needs more of the natural resources available, and that competition creates conflict," said Mr Acharya.
Most of Nepal's national parks and protected areas are either in the Himalayan region or in the Tarai area, the southern plain land that border India.
Yet, wildlife-related loss of lives and properties are also increasingly being seen in the mid-hill region, geographically located between the Himalayas and Tarai plain land.
Conservationists point at the growing number of attacks on children and livestock by common leopards because this region has seen huge success in community forestry.
"We have been hearing complaints from farmers that community forests have more wildlife than in some national parks and therefore they are suffering losses of lives and properties," said Yam Bahadur Malla, country director for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in Nepal.
He also suggested it was necessary to scientifically demarcate the boundaries of national parks, as some species involved in the attacks were sometimes found outside the existing boundaries.
Forest ministry officials, however, said the chances of expanding existing protected areas were very slim because Nepal had already made huge swathes of land available for nature conservation.
Mr Acharya said the details of plans to limit wildlife growth were yet to be worked out but he added that one of the ideas would be to relocate some of the wildlife species.
"We have listed nine such species that can be trans-located from where there are quite many of them to where there are very few and such species include animals involved in conflicts with humans," he said.
Mr Acharya also hinted that Nepal will now not commit to protect more wildlife than the amount its protected areas could sustain.
"For instance, we have said we will double the number of tigers to 250. But as we cannot expand our protected areas, we will not be able to commit more than that," he said.
"Nor can we add new conservation areas."
An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook announced that he is gay. The 6ft-high statue had been put up outside a college in St Petersburg in January 2013 by a Russian group of companies called West European Financial Union (ZEFS) to honour Jobs. However, in a statement on Monday, ZEFS said they had to abide by a law combating 'gay propaganda' and that the memorial had been removed. Scroll down for video . Removed: An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook (right) announced that he was gay . The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company,  publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay. 'In Russia, gay propaganda and other sexual perversions . among minors are prohibited by law,' ZEFS said, noting that the . memorial had been 'in an area of direct access for young . students and scholars'. 'After Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly called for sodomy, the . monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law . protecting children from information promoting denial of . traditional family values.' Dismantled: The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay . Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law prohibiting what he called the spread of 'gay propaganda' among minors, and promoting 'traditional values'. Putin claims gay people in Russia are not discriminated against, and the law was needed only to protect young people. However, members of the gay community say the law has led to increased problems for them. The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February. Anger: The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February . Cook said he had decided to come out to help move forward . civil rights, confirming a fact that had been widely known in . the Silicon Valley tech community but was rarely discussed. Vitaly Milonov, a St Petersburg lawyer and campaigner against gay rights was among those behind the new law and, according to Russian media, has called for Cook to be banned from visiting Russia. ZEFS companies offer a range of products and services in areas such as real estate, construction, advertising and micro-financing. ZEFS head Maxim Dolgopolov, who ordered the removal . of the monument, expressed opposition to personal sanctions in . Monday's statement, but supported the 'protection of traditional . values' by law. 'Sin should not become the norm. There is nothing to do in . Russia for whose who intend to violate our laws,' he said.
In 2004, Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War, and the conservative Bush didn't. Rather than avoid the topic, Bush supporters came up with the notorious "Swift Boat" campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry's war record to negate a major strength. Such "attack the strength" tactics have been a staple of this year's presidential race, with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other. The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement: the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The premise is simple: In a political environment where perception often trumps policy, mount early challenges to your opponent's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters. For example, the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney's successful business career, portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs. The purpose was to blunt Romney's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy, the most important issue to voters. Meanwhile, Romney's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare, the popular health care program for senior citizens. By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week, Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan's proposal to partially privatize Medicare, so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $700 billion out of the government-run system. Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue, according to independent assessments. Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney's company, Bain Capital, occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999. On Medicare, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits, as alleged by the Romney campaign. PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign's claim as "mostly false." To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp's maneuver on Medicare was "a brilliant move." "They are going to be attacked on it anyway. They have 'jujitsued' this," Bonjean told CNN on Friday, adding: "It's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now, which I think they are being very effective at." Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part. A video spot by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC backing Obama, sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital. The ad, which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast, was rated "false" by PolitiFact. Now, a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown. A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states, but refused to discuss donors. Over a picture of Obama, the video's narrator says that the group's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit. The organization, which describes itself as nonpartisan, shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria, Virginia. Its spokesman, Chad Kolton, worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, and its president ran for Congress as a Republican. To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution, the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry's war record. "Obama's strong suit actually is on national security," said West, the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings. "He's the guy who got bin Laden, and that's been a central claim of his campaign. So there's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit." The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled, and the head of special operations, Adm. William  McRaven, recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit. "Make no mistake about it: It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation, that made the hard decisions," McRaven said. Like other top officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations. The White House has denied leaking classified information, and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations. Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch, and they call for an independent investigation. The "attack the strength" tactic is nothing new, but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove, who guided Bush's two presidential campaigns . "Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives don't do, and it's really an element of why he's a unique figure in American political life," journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "Karl Rove: The Architect." "He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that, Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent." That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry, said Slater, co-author of the book "Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential." "The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam," Slater said in the PBS documentary, "and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry, not his weakness." Others clearly  took notice. In attacking Romney's background at Bain Capital, the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign. Gingrich's criticism that Romney's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans. In response, Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee.
Google's Ad Preferences page shows you the profile Google has built up of your interests - based on information gleaned from your visits to site's within Google's advertising network . IT has been said that Google knows more about what you like than your own partner . Now the search giant has given a glimpse on just how much information it has collected - and who thinks you are. But it seems the famed Google algorithms are far from infallible. And people taking advantage of the facility that allows the public to view what kind of consumer Google thinks they are have been amused to find themselves listed with the wrong age and even sex. Nevertheless, the knowledge that Google works so hard to profile its 350m account holders is bound to intensify the debate about privacy which flared up again this week with the announcement that the company was going to start tracking users across all of its sites, including YouTube. The detailed personal 'profile' sums up many of a user's interests, along with age and gender. Google builds a detailed profile by harvesting the history of its account holders' visits to sites in its advertising network. But your age and gender are decided by those of other Google users who have visited the sites you visit, leading to the mistakes. 25 years out and the wrong gender. HmmmmPenny, LondonThis says I'm 65+ and male... last time I checked I was 42 and female!Lu, Madrid, SpainIt seems I've aged 20 years because I like home, gardening and cats. I may well turn into the mad cat lady in 20 years, but I'm not there yet! Sharon, Herts . One blogger from tech site Mashable found this week that Google's Ad Preferences page assume that she was middle-aged - and a man, simply because her interests included technology and computing. The profile page, called Ad Preferences, is hidden away inside a settings menu in Google Accounts, but can be accessed directly here. This sort of in-depth profiling raises alarm bells with privacy activists. 'Consumers have increasingly digital lives and they are developing an unfathomably large data trail every day,' says Rainey Reitman, activism director for privacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. 'There has never been another time in history where privacy was under the kind of assault it is today.' You can opt out of the tracking, or manually edit your details. Google also  does not store information on controversial subjects such as pornography. The Ad preferences page came to public attention following a sweeping change to 'privacy policy' which comes into effect on March 1, although the preferences page was launched some time ago. YouTube data, Gmail information and search data will all be used to build up ever more accurate advertising profiles and also the company claims it will make searches more personalised. The Mashable writer's interests meant that Google Ad Preferences identified her, wrongly, as being both middle-aged and a man . In most cases, though, the data is eerily accurate, bringing up a breakdown of interests, age and sex. The Advertising Preferences information that Google gathers . is sent out as a 'cookie' - a packet of information sent out by your . browser - whenever you visit other Google partners, who then serve up 'relevant' adverts when you visit their sites. Users who are fearful of the amount of information Google holds can block the profiling by disabling 'cookies' in their internet browser settings. Google says, 'We associate interests with your ads preferences based on the types of websites that you visit within the the Google Display Network.' 'For example, when you browse many gardening-related websites in the the Google Display Network, Google may associate a gardening preference with your cookie.' 'If the sites that you visit have a majority of female visitors, we may associate your cookie with the female demographic category.' Some users reported that Google had identified bizarre interests such as 'Sweets and Candy', and was duly serving them adverts appropriate to that 'interest'. You can manually change your 'interests' from your Ad Preferences page - although you cannot, of course, stop Google from sending you adverts.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking, few Western countries can compete with Britain. One of the world's prime financial centers, the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking. The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. With 23 banks, nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City, by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $22 billion. The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $531 billion. Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking, catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims. In 2004, the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB) opened its doors for the first time, becoming the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. A number of Britain's "big five" high street banks are getting in on the act. Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking, including mortgages, current accounts and trust funds for children. In the retail market, Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products. In the United States, only regional banks like University Bank, Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products. Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector. "In France, Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage. They are where we were three or four years ago," Sultan Choudhury, the IBB's director of sales told the Financial Times. British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims, but it is the British government's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world. Junaid Bhatti, who was involved with the setup of the IBB, told CNN: "Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking." The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent. Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth. Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN: "Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment. We're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK." Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches. Services include an Islamic current account, mortgage and child trust fund. Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain, with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $1.7 billion in 2007. But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem. Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks, equating it with "terrorist finance." "There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic," said Abdi Shayesteh, an attorney at law firm King and Spalding, which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s. "The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s," Shayesteh told CNN. With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout (and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services), Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market. "We have at least 3.6 million [potential customers] at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into," he explained. Even so, with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another, which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities, and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products, the market remains unexploited for now. E-mail to a friend .
By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 06:43 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:28 EST, 1 March 2013 . Elderly people who have difficulty remembering their way home could benefit from a new Android-powered walking stick with built in sat-nav. Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature. Concerned family members can also follow the smart cane's location online and receive email alerts of the device suspects its user may have fallen over. No more getting lost on the way back from bingo... Fujitsu showcased this sat-nav equipped walking stick aimed at the elderly and disabled at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona . The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take. As yet it cannot be merely queried for directions like a more typical GPS device like the ones in cars and on smartphones. Japan-based Fujitsu showcased the prototype device, which looks a little like an upside down golf club, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Pocket-lint reported. Technology for the elderly is a key concern in Fujitsu's home market, where more than 20 per cent of people are over 65 - the highest proportion of senior citizens of any country in the world. The smart cane comes equipped with various connection technologies, including GPS, 3G and WiFi, that allow it to find its way and send back information to the computer it is synced with. Technology for the older generation: Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature . Clear and easy to read: Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn . Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn. A carer using the host computer can see the location of the stick, as well as additional data about the user, such as heart rate, measured by a thumb pad on the handle, and how many times the cane is tapped on the ground. If there are any problems detected, the gadget can automatically alert the emergency services and guide them to its location, the BBC reported. Sync: The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take . Alongside the cane, Fujitsu also showed off its new smartphone designed for the 'mature customer, dubbed the Stylistic. It runs on a modified version of Google's Android OS which is designed to be easy to use for people who are not familiar with mobile technology, and can even change the frequency of audio to make calls easier for older ears to hear. The Stylistic will launch in Europe from June, beginning with France. There is no planned release date for the Next Generation Cane, but AllThingsD reports that Fujitsu had been impressed by the interest it received at the MWC and would bring it to market soon.
Their faces are etched with deep lines that reveal lives lived in hardship. Their expressions captured by UK-based artist and photographer Lee Jeffries, who strives to reveal the human face of addiction, the reality of homelessness and the real face of poverty through his work. Travelling the globe Mr Jeffries, who is a full-time accountant, has sought to capture the faces of those people shunned by society. His latest project took him to Miami in Florida. There he met Margo Stevens, a former porn star resigned to living on the streets of the Overtown district. Photographer Lee Jeffries has made it his mission in life to give a human face to poverty, addiction and homelessness. For his latest project he spent two weeks in Miami, where he met former porn star Margo Stevens (pictured) Ms Stevens (right) was a successful adult film star in the 1990s, living a comfortable life from the money she made, supplement by working as an escort. Today she lives on the streets of the Overtown district of Miami, in an abandoned garage with five other girls, who sell their bodies for sex to feed their drug addictions . In two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals Ms Stevens to be a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Pictured is a woman called Trish, who works on the streets using the name 'Snow' 'Her story is stark,' Jeffries told MailOnline. 'She is a beautiful person, whose story is both fascinating and tragic. 'She's been exploited her whole life, but still she remains incredibly human. 'Margo was a well-known porn star in the 1990s, she lived the life back then. But her fall to life now hit me hard.' Jeffries said he found Ms Stevens sleeping in an abandoned garage, meausring 12ft by 6ft, with five other girls. Most are addicted to heroin, and all live off the money they make as sex workers. He spent two weeks with Ms Stevens learning about the fate which befell her. After stripping in clubs in Cleveland for a living as a young woman, she fell into working in the adult film industry becoming an escort. For years she lived comfortably from the earnings she made. But eventually life dealt her a cruel hand. Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. Sex worker Trish is pictured without the wig she wears, when she assumes her alter ego Snow (picture above) Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers stories of survival, women driven to selling their bodies as a means of feeding their addiction struggling through life with nowhere else to turn. Pictured is Brittany . The girls in Overtown survive. Labelled "crack whores" some will use their bodies to get the next $10 fix and are often treated worse than stray dogs by the men there. Jeffries said: 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out.' A devastating spiral of homelessness, drug addiction and prostitution ensued. But in two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers a story of survival, a story of a woman driven to sell her body as a means of feeding her addiction with nowhere else to turn. 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. 'She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. 'She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out. 'But she is a human being, she looks out for other people. She is so much more than the drugs and the prostitution, the labels. She cares for the younger girls she stays with, often to the detriment of herself.' Jeffries hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. Pictured is Latoria . Ms Stevens is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. Pictured is Latoria . Of his work, Jeffries said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do' Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. In an interview filmed by Jeffries, Ms Stevens reveals her starting rate in the industry was $500 and the contracts she signed were such that she made no money off the continued reproduction of her performances. 'A lot of people in the industry are quite slimy,' she said. 'They do a lot of exploiting. There are a lot of things about the adult industry that need to change.' Addressing the financial exploitation, she adds: 'It makes me feel a fool. I'm responsible for that. I let that happen.' But when asked by Jeffries if she regrets her path in life, Ms Stevens tells the camera, 'no'. 'Not at all,' she said. It is a brave and honest answer, one which garners Jeffries' respect and admiration. Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page. Homeless man John is often spotted on Lincoln in South Beach making flowers out of palm leaves for tourists . An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity . Jeffries' work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Pictured is Smoke, he has been shot three times, once in the face a few years ago . He hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. For she is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. He said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do.' Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page, see below. An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity. His work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Another of Jeffries subjects is Cowboy, who sleeps rough on the streets of Overtown .
Bernard Gavrin, from Brooklyn, New York, who will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia this month, 70 years after he went missing during the Second World War . An American soldier will finally be buried with full military honours, 70 years after he went missing in action during the Second World War. The Department of Defense has confirmed that Army Private Bernard Gavrin from Brooklyn, New York, will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery after his remains were discovered only last year. According to the Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, Private Gavrin was just 29 when he was reported missing on July 7, 1944. His regiment has been in Saipan, Japan, in the Northern Mariana Islands of the western Pacific Ocean and came under heavy attack, suffering many casualties. Mr Gavrin was declared dead in July 1945 and by 1948, his remains were deemed non-recoverable. However, in recent years, excavations in Saipan by a Japanese non-profit group have turned up the remains of several American and Japanese soldiers from the Second World War. Last year the remains and personal items from American soldiers were uncovered and were handed over to the American government for testing. It then emerged that the remains of Mr Gavrin were among them after they were tested using a family member's DNA. Mr Gavrin's 82-year-old nephew David Rogers, of Delray Beach, Florida, said he was planning to be at the burial in the cemetery on September 12. He said it was 'absolutely incredible and unbelievable to all of us' that Gavrin would be laid to rest in 'the most honorable place you could be buried in this country.' Mr Rogers, whose mother was Gavrin's sister, said the private was the youngest of three children and had enlisted in 1940. He said the last time he saw his uncle was when he was eight-years-old and his uncle came to visit. Mr Rogers had injured himself, requiring stitches, and Mr Gavrin went to his bedroom. Mr Gavrin will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia on September 12 . 'He awakened me and kissed me on the forehead,' Rogers said. He also recalled how the loss of his uncle was shattering and said that when the telegram came to inform the family he was missing, that his grandmother, Mr Gavrin's mother, opened it. He added: 'She let out a scream that lives with me to this day.'
The RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains.
Labour urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate.
Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution.
The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas.
Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations.
"The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation."
The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system.
But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers.
A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "Everyone wants to see an end to these strikes, Scotland's rail passengers most of all.
"The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have engaged with both sides throughout to find a solution, which we still believe lies in meaningful discussion.
"To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all.
"The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers."
Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend.
Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow, Cumbria, in December 2012.
In January, a judge ruled she had been sexually assaulted by her father, Paul Worthington, who denies any wrongdoing.
He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in August 2013.
Reaction to the CPS announcement
Key dates in Poppi Worthington case
A CPS spokesman said: "The CPS has looked at the original decision in this case that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction - as we often do in other cases.
"We have reached the same conclusion."
In a statement released following the announcement, Poppi's mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she was "desperate" to understand more about the police investigation and the events leading up to her daughter's death.
Speaking on her behalf, solicitor Fiona McGhie, said: "She is angry and disappointed with the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service and wishes to be given time and space at this difficult time as we approach the inquest."
Cumbria Police, which is being investigated by the police watchdog, has been criticised over its investigation into the death, after it emerged officers failed to preserve vital items for forensic analysis.
Chief Constable Jerry Graham said the force "deeply regrets" the way the case was handled.
In January, Mr Justice Peter Jackson's ruling was made as part of care proceedings in the family court involving Poppi's siblings.
He concluded the force carried out no "real" investigation into the death of the toddler for nine months, and highlighted a list of basic errors in evidence-gathering.
Speaking after the CPS announced its decision, Mr Graham said the investigation had fallen "below standard".
He said: "I would like to make a full and heartfelt apology to Poppi's family and all those who loved her."
He said the main failings were not preserving potentially relevant evidence from Poppi's home and the length of time it took to interview family and key witnesses.
He also said forensic analysis was not carried out quickly enough and accurate records were not kept.
Prosecutors originally decided there was insufficient evidence "to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", but in January the CPS said it was reviewing the case.
Cumbria police and crime commissioner Peter McCall said: "I am disappointed that despite a re-investigation no criminal charges will be brought.
"The constabulary has let Poppi down as no-one has been brought to justice for her tragic death."
Barrow Labour MP John Woodcock said he was "bitterly disappointed" at the CPS decision and that Cumbria Police's mistakes had "thwarted the chance of ever getting justice for Poppi's death".
A second inquest into the toddler's death is due to take place in the autumn.
Sicily, Italy (CNN) -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean, scouring the blue seas below for signs of life. The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex, the European Union's border patrol agency. Its mission isn't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent's southern shores -- it's to save lives. The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily, including the area around Lampedusa, an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats. In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores, and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again. INFOGRAPHIC: How illegal immigrants enter the EU . The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight. Human trafficking in the region is big business, and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers. "On the missions, every week we find three or four targets of interest," the aircraft's captain told CNN. "The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex [give us the coordinates for] ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex." Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe. Often those vessels will be old, rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey. In some cases, sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well. On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat, which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe. OPINION: Europe's immigration nightmare just beginning . The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances. The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board, but they're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck. Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent. An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe, and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board. Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy, Greece or Malta. The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones, with over 400 people living on site. OPINION: EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize . One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria. He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued. "There was no food, [there was] excrement inside the boat. People were vomiting inside the boat, we were vomiting everywhere. It was horrible," he told CNN. Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again, he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe. Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo, one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe. He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea. Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean. "The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood. God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close," he said. But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances. That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd, when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic. OPINION: What's the place of outsiders in Europe? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans. At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank, but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship. He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck. "Some of us had parents or wives or children on there, we were part of that group. But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay," he told CNN. Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge, even though he cannot put numbers on it. He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months, but this year there has been no let-up. He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea, but also to the growing despair in places like Syria, Eritrea, and Nigeria, where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram. It does not look like those waves will stop. Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders, they might be able to contain migration for a while, but they will never be able to stop it.
Otsuchi, Japan (CNN) -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan's tsunami survivors. The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions. She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami; a hotel that had been in her family for generations. She was determined not to let the disaster break her. But after the elation of finding her son alive, the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade. She was in turmoil. She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her, if not more. They were "ganbaru," she recalls -- enduring, holding on, withstanding, and living with the pain. She couldn't be the only one to lose control. "I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone," she says, six months on from that terrible day. "I didn't know what to do from then on. I became tormented." That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair. It's a familiar story in Otsuchi, northeastern Japan, where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble. Today, much of that physical debris has been cleared away. But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove, as the mental scars from that day linger months later. In Ogawa's case, depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa, a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center. Morikawa became the difference between life and death. She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor hadn't been there for her. "I was so moved by her approach to life," recalls Morikawa. "She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much, but she also desperately wanted to get over that. I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation. I just helped her a little." Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are growing among mental health specialists working in the region. PTSD in particular, a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed, can show up months after the initial shock. Suicide is also a major concern in Japan. According to the World Health Organization, Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world. More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year, according to the country's national police agency, with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems. Mariko Ukiyo, a psychologist and volunteer counselor, is part of a therapy group called "Team Japan 300." She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides. According to Ukiyo, loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing. "It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life," she says. "The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens, you lose all hope for the future. I think this period is when they need help the most." But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan, a country with limited experience in mental health care historically. Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced. According to Ukiyo, the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak. Ukiyo's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere. This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants, observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress. The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems. But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region's future with trauma. "We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami," she says. She believes suicide rates will only increase. Meanwhile, Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim. She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future. She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her. While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa, he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region. "Now that I have met these people, I have grown attached to them," he says. "It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here. I can't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to."
Former Prime Minister John Howard has been allowed to go home after being rushed to hospital with heart problems earlier this week. The 75-year-old was taken to the emergency department at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital on Monday. He had been playing a round of golf when he suddenly felt tightness in his chest, the ABC reports. Former Prime Minister John Howard was released from hospital on Friday after feeling a tightness in his chest . Mr Howard had two stents inserted at North Shore Private after two blockages were found in his arteries. He did not suffer a heart attack, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The former MP is now recovering at home after being discharged on Friday. A spokesperson said he would be back in his office by next week. He was rushed to Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital in the middle of a golf game and had two stents inserted .
(EW.com) -- This week's episode of "How I Met Your Mother" featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker. After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress, a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter. Tear up? Join the club. But would you have guessed that the moment wasn't even part of the greater plan for the season? "We had a week of treading water, to be honest," says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays. "We have the arc of the season going, but this was one week where there wasn't one, specific big event happening. We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward." So, he says, they took a "step back," and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series. "We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons," he jokes. Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we've been with the gang. But as Bays sees it, it's also a great reminder of where we're going -- without giving everything away. Yes, he admits, they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we wouldn't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now. "He's so good at making that look natural," he says, laughing. "He's a magician; he's good with his hands. He knows what he's doing" But does Barney? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man. To be fair, Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track. But after just a few episodes of courting, they're living together...and liking it! Is it all too fast? Bays doesn't think so. "I think Barney is in love. At a certain age, you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most," he says. "And I think that's Quinn right now for Barney." The best way to show that, he says, was to break barriers -- by breaking wind. "We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years, and we did pretty well without it. And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away: You're going to be embarrassed that you're doing it at the table read, and you know that in the final cut, it's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh," he says. "And it's not 'Blazing Saddles' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans â€” it's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship. It's a big relationship moment." So where do they go from here? For one, Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly, he says, and next week, we'll see more from Robin (Colbie Smulders) than we did in this episode. "Robin, there is some excitement in her life coming up, especially next week's episode," he says. When we pick up, Robin and Ted still aren't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship. "We went for the reality of those situations," he says. "I feel like on this show we've gone as far as we can go where it's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out, with these big thing happen to them that don't really change things. Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted's in love with her, and she's not in love with him. It's complicated." But, not to worry, he says. "I feel like [there's] a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close." See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
By . Dave Wood . Luis Suarez has little to smile about following his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini but fans were queuing up to have a laugh at his expense. A poster featuring the Uruguay striker baring his teeth became a major attraction on Copacabana Beach in Rio as it provided the perfect backdrop for a photo opportunity. FIFA announced on Thursday that Suarez was suspended from all football-related activity until the end of October and he would miss Uruguay's next nine internationals. The news was relayed to commuters over the travel message boards on London Underground. VIDEO Scroll down for hilarious Suarez gif depicts the the Uruguay striker as Jaws . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . It didn't take long for Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Chiellini to viral - although perhaps people were expecting it. Within . moments of the Uruguay striker appearing to sink his teeth into . Chiellini's shoulder fans were scanning the net for photos and video . clips of the incident. And quick-thinking internet wizzes were putting together their best efforts to create viral jokes soon after. On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On the ball: The news broke just before the busy evening rush hour . Viral: This was tweeted supposedly depicting Luis Suarez as a child with a Hannibal mask on . Solid gold: Suarez picked up another award after a great season, according to some on Twitter . Yummy: Snickers' Twitter account got in on the act by publishing this viral with #luissuarez . Starving: Suarez's head has been added to the game Hungry Hippos as well . He's got my arm! Suarez (right) is depicted as having taken off Chiellini's arm with his bite . They've got him! Suarez depitced being captured like a dog following his biting incident . There's something in the water... Suarez is depicted as Jaws in this viral . Jokes: At least some could see the funny side of Suarez's actions - including some edited Panini stickers . Chez Suarez: Which other footballers could be on the menu? Biter: @SBNation cast Suarez as blood-sucking vampire Dracula after he appeared to aim a bite at Chiellini . Reaction: Hilarious vine depicting what Chiellini's response to the Suarez incident would be . An Argentinian twitter user was subjected to abuse on the social media site as fans confused him for Luis Suarez. Diego . Suarez, whose twitter handle is @Suarez, received so many vile tweets . that he said he was considering closing his account down. 'Please . stop I am not Uruguayan, I am not Luis Suarez' the unfortunate . Argentinian tweeted. 'I am not Luis Suarez, there are many Suarez in the . world'. Chiellini was subject to a shocking attack by Liverpool forward Suarez, who sunk . his teeth into his opponent just before Diego Godin's matchwinner in Uruguay's 1-0 win. It . wasn't the first time that the Uruguayan has sunk his teeth into an . opponent. Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and PSV Eindhoven's Otman Bakkal . were previous victims in 2013 and 2010 respectively. Christmas stocking filler: The Suarez bottle opener would probably be a best-seller if it was real . Spot the difference: Luis Suarez sinks his teeth into Branislav Ivanovic . Doubled up: And then of course there was another Suarez heat-map, this time showing his impact on Chiellini . Better option: Chicken chain Nando's were one of the first to reach out to the Uruguay striker with other options . Fancy an Italian? And Bella Italia were quick to follow up with an offer at one of their 90 UK restaurants . Proof: Some even joked about FIFA's overused goal line technology that has been noted during the tournament . How many times: Suarez's previous misdemeanors had not gone unnoticed by football fans online . Sniggers: Was Suarez's bite because he hadn't eaten before kick-off in the Group D decider? Bite over bark: Suarez has been likened to Jaws before and again he is proving it's not safe to be around him . VIDEO Suarez in another biting storm .
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:47 EST, 22 July 2013 . Children born in Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle and New York, a fascinating new study has shown. Top economists at Harvard and University of California, Berkeley analyzed millions of anonymous earnings records to compare income mobility across metropolitan areas - and the results are surprising. Living in an area with higher average incomes, larger tax credits for the poor or more local colleges does not necessarily improve the chances of someone rising beyond the station of their birth. But four broad factors did appear to have an affect, researchers pointed out, and they included the size and dispersion of the local middle class. The city where you live: The interesting study found the odds of rising to another income level are notably lower in certain cities, like Atlanta, and much higher in places like New York . If all else was equal, Americans living in cities with poor families more dispersed among mixed-income neighborhoods are more likely to climb the income ladder. Children growing up in areas with more two-parent households, better elementary schools and high schools, and more civic engagement, including membership in religious and community groups, were also more able to pull themselves out of poverty and up the income scale. 'Where you grow up matters,' Nathaniel Hendren, a Harvard economist and one of the study’s authors, told The New York Times. 'There is tremendous variation across the U.S. in the extent to which kids can rise out of poverty.' Atlanta: Children born in Atlanta, pictured, are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in other cities . Where you lived matters less for well-off children than for middle-class and poor children, the researchers found. The chances that wealthy children grow up to be wealthy are broadly similar across all cities it appears. Metropolitan areas with larger black . populations had lower upward-mobility rates, but the researchers . believed this was not primarily because of their race. For example, both . white and black residents of Atlanta have low upward mobility, The . Times reported. Interestingly . Atlanta and Seatle have a similar average income, yet the difference . between upward mobility rates in the two cities are stark. On . average, fairly poor children in Seattle — those who grew up in the . 25th percentile of the national income distribution — do as well . financially when they grow up as middle-class children — those who grew . up at the 50th percentile — from Atlanta, according to The Times. Moving up the ladder: The study found children living in parts of California and the Northeast were far more likely to climb the income ladder than areas with the same average income in other parts of the country . Yet, children who moved from a city with poor rates of income mobility to a city with higher mobility rates at a young age were found to do almost as well at climbing the income ladder as kids who lived their whole lives in the latter region. If they moved as teenagers, however, they did less well, suggesting the characteristics of different regions rather than something inherent and unchangeable in the residents is responsible. The researchers pointed out that their data allowed them to identify only correlations not the causes for the intriguing patterns they discovered.
The two pieces of debris were found separately by members of the public and were flown to Australia for analysis.
Darren Chester said the finds were "consistent with drift modelling" of how debris from the missing plane may have been carried by ocean currents.
MH370 vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board.
It was flying from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and is widely believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean after veering off course.
The fate of the plane, its passengers and crew remains one of aviation's biggest unsolved mysteries.
The only confirmed piece of debris found so far has been a section of wing called a flaperon, which was found on the Indian Ocean island of Reunion.
One of the parts retrieved in Mozambique was found on a sandbank by an amateur US investigator in late February and the other in December by a South African tourist.
Mr Chester said the investigation team had finished examining the debris and found both were "consistent with panels from a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft".
"The analysis has concluded the debris is almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement.
He said it showed that the vast deep-sea search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean, being led by Australia, was focusing on the right place.
The search, also involving experts from China and Malaysia, is scanning the sea floor, much of it previously unmapped, in the hope of locating the wreckage.
Mr Chester said it would continue for now, with 25,000 sq km (10,000 sq miles) of ocean still be to searched.
"We are focused on completing this task and remain hopeful the aircraft will be found."
But the three countries have said that barring significant new evidence, they will end the operation once the area has been fully searched. The search is expected to be completed in the coming months.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
About 30 people had been living in tents on St Peter's Square, outside the Central Library, since 15 April.
Manchester City Council had been issued a warrant to close the camp, with campaigners losing an appeal.
The demonstrators have now set up another settlement about half a mile away, in St Anne's Square.
Police and bailiffs arrived at about 08:00 BST to break up the St Peter's Square camp.
Some protesters packed up their tents and equipment and left the area peacefully, but others resisted.
Campaigners said they wanted to highlight a crisis in temporary housing and the plight of homeless people.
The council said some demonstrators had been behaving "entirely inappropriately" in a public area.
Deputy Leader of Manchester City Council Bernard Priest said: "While it is entirely legitimate to raise concerns about homelessness, there have been issues with offensive graffiti and other forms of vandalism, fighting, public urination, street drinking, litter and loud music being played.
"The camp has now cost the council and Greater Manchester Police more than Â£88,000 in additional policing, security and legal costs. In the current climate, this is not an extra cost any public body can shoulder lightly.
"Over the last month, our homelessness service has provided support and advice to more than 20 members of the camp - as they work regularly with other homeless people across the city - and officers were present prior to and during the eviction to provide accommodation to anyone willing to accept it."
(CNN)  -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore. Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons, and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11. Despite the close ties -- "she called me mommy and she was my daughter" -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore's marriage to Ryan Jenkins. The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas, Nevada, wedding. An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins, a reality TV contestant. Authorities believe he's fled to Canada. Fiore's body was found Saturday, stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County, California. Interviewed from San Francisco, California, Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore. "She didn't tell me that she married him. She told me [about] the day that they met, which was St. Patrick's Day," Beauregard said. "She called me the day after and she said: 'Mommy, I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan.' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was. And that was all I knew." Beauregard told King she's never met Ryan Jenkins. Mike Fleeman, the West Coast editor of People.com, described more details of Fiore's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King. "They met in Las Vegas. Two days later [in March], they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel. That's, of course, where Britney Spears got married," Fleeman told King. "It was a quickie wedding. We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding. One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel. A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married. They kept it under wraps. And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning," Fleeman said. Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December. Beauregard told King that Fiore, who was 28 when she died, started modeling in her early 20s. Despite their deep bond, Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother, Lisa Lepore. "She was close to her mother, as well, but it was a different type of closeness." Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed. Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation. "It was very clear from the very beginning, when they found her body in a piece of luggage, that we weren't dealing with a serial killer. I knew it was somebody who knew her and [that her killer] wanted to make sure that she was not identified," Brown said. "This is why he [the suspect[ ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth. He even got smart. He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID, took away her clothes, put her in the luggage, probably because it's one way to get her of an apartment. And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it, she'll decompose, they'll never be able to identify her," Brown said. Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "Megan Wants a Millionaire" and "I Love Money 3." "This is a very arrogant man," Brown said. "Megan said it right on the show. She said he's a manipulator. He is. He has evidence of psychopathy there." The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore's circle of friends hard. "Ryan Jenkins is an animal," said Robert Hasman, a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years.  Watch Hasman speak out » . "What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable. It's just not right." He described her as "a beautiful person who was a very caring individual." Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "Larry King Live" that Jenkins is the only suspect. "There is no indication that anybody else might be involved," he said. "We believe he's armed because there's a handgun missing from his apartment, which is the last place he was before ... he fled. So it appears that he's armed. And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.
Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury, ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video, which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig, analysts said Sunday. And if there's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig, it's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group, also known by the acronym ISIL, said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation, an anti-extremist think tank. "As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL, we will find that they try and show that they are still strong, try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been, and unfortunately one of the things we'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric," he said. "I think it's a sign of desperation," he said. "I think it's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack, they're under siege and they're struggling." The video, released online Sunday, shows the aftermath of a beheading, in which the victim is not clearly recognizable. The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig. Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam in captivity, also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig. He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker, feeling compelled to help victims of war. The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government, which is also battling ISIS forces. "It can't be said enough," said CNN's Nic Robertson. "This is the most barbaric they've done so far." The carefully produced video is clearly "a prize piece of propaganda for them," Robertson says. It also differs from others produced by ISIS. It doesn't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death. Nor does it name the group's next victim. It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS' orders when it comes calling, said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini, a counterterrorism expert. "What ISIS is telling them is, 'When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you, you know what the consequences are if you say no,'" Ruffini said. But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide, said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "Spider" Marks. Has ISIS peaked? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq . It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey. "Clearly there are no coincidences," Marks told CNN on Sunday. "This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and, I would say, the results of those activities." Since beginning airstrikes in August, U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics, slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations. Last week, President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters. More recently, U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight. In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Dempsey said commanders are "certainly considering" the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul, currently held by ISIS. In Sunday's video, the narrator taunted Obama to do just that. Hostages tortured before beheadings .
By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has risked his own life to save a little boy from suffocating after he was left dangling from a building with his head trapped in a window grid. Neighbour Zhou Bo went outside of his own property after hearing a commotion in the street in Lingwu, Ningxia, China. It was then he spotted the young boy dangling from a fourth-storey window with his head wedged between metal bars. Helping hand: Zhou Bo went to the aid of a young boy left dangling from a fourth-storey window after getting his head stuck in a grid in Lingwu, Ningxia, China . Dangerous: Zhou Bo managed to prevent the boy from suffocating by holding him up by his feet while also balancing on stool perched on a window sill . He said: 'I went there, and saw a boy dangling in the air, as his head was stuck in between the window grid.' Zhou could see that the boy was suffocating as his feet had nothing to stand on. He dashed inside and raced up to the flat but found the door locked. He then went one floor below but discovered that the gap between that window and the dangling boy was too great. Zhou said: 'Without help, the boy would be suffocated soon, or he has the danger of dropping down'. So Zhou found a chair and balanced it precariously on the third-storey window ledge before standing on it and supporting the trapped boy's feet from underneath. 'I felt time froze, and my arms went numb but firemen still didn't arrive,' said Zhou. Finally, firefighters arrived 40 minutes later and were able to break into the apartment and pull the boy, who had been left home alone, to safety. Waiting game: Zhou Bo had to hold the position for 40 minutes until firefighters arrived at the scene . Safe and sound: The young boy pictured with his mother after being released from the window grid .
By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 29 November 2013 . He's often lauded as one of the world's most sexiest men - but David Beckham has revealed a distinctly un-sexy memory. The retired footballer has confessed to performing a sex act on himself while looking at calendar of Welsh footballer Clayton Blackmore as part of his initiation into Manchester United's youth team. The 38-year-old recalled how his Class of '92 teammates forced him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at eighties Reds legend Clayton Blackmore. Scroll down for video . Beckham's teammates required him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at a Clayton Blackmore calendar . Beckham revealed he had to look at Clayton Blackmore's calendar and do certain things to himself . The midfielder said he got the short-straw with his humiliation, revealing to the Metro: ‘One of mine was surprising! The Clayton Blackmore!’ Recalling his teen horror, he said: ‘Everyone had an initiation that you had to go through on the youth team, that was one of the most uncomfortable ones!’ 'The fact that I had to look at Clayton Blackmore’s calendar and do certain things, while looking at Clayton Blackmore…’ Forced to recall the humiliating ceremony on camera for a documentary on his former team, called 'The Class of '92', he said: ‘I was embarrassed when I was saying it on camera let alone talking about it more. But it’s something that we all had to go through. It was definitely something I wouldn’t like to go through again!' High jinks: Beckham joined the Manchester United Youth Team in 1992 and became firm friends with the other players . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates . Suppressing the memories: Becks said he got the short-straw with his humiliation . David Beckham, who has four children with wife Victoria, says he would rather forget the ritual . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates. His confession follows a series of revelations,including that Sir Alex Ferguson was . like 'the godfather' of Manchester United because of his totalitarian . approach to managing the club. He described the Reds' most-decorated manager as the 'godfather - and not in a good way,' to BBC Breakfast. 'Not in a bad way [either] but we were all very scared of him.' The former United midfielder admitted that players were 'scared' of the patriarch, renowned for his sharp Scottish tongue. The 38-year-old, who retired at the end of last season, also said he blew his first big pay packet on a flashy BMW. 'My first thing that I spent money on was a BMW. That was my first cheque from Adidas, and I just blew the whole thing in one go,' Beckham told the Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Absolute Radio. 'We started getting a little bit more money than we were in the youth team, you know, I went and blew it. I was still living in digs at the time, and I literally blew all my money on a BMW.'
America

 Staffers Walk Out Of Congress In Protest Over Brown And Garner Cases

 i itoggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images

 Dozens of congressional staff members walked out of the Capitol at 3:30 p.m. ET Thursday, in a show of support for protesters angered by recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

 Wearing suits, ties and overcoats, the staffers stood several rows deep on the steps of Capitol Hill before making the hands-up gesture that has come to symbolize frustration with the deaths of the two unarmed black men at the hands of police. They stood silently with their arms raised for a moment before disbanding and walking down the steps.

 While the event was spearheaded by the Congressional Black Associates, it also drew other staff members, including the Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association, according to CNN.

 A few members of Congress came out to the steps, including Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas. The short event included a prayer from U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black.

 The protest comes a week after Rep. Marcia L. Fudge, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said she was "deeply disappointed" by a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to level charges in the Garner case.

 Noting that the decision was similar to another jury's findings in Ferguson, Mo., Fudge wrote:

 "In the span of two weeks, this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear: there will be no accountability for taking Black lives. As an American, it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all." ||||| Story highlights Congressional staffers are planning to walk off their jobs Thursday at 3:30 p.m.

 Staffers said they are showing solidarity to communities affected by a decisions not to indict officers in killing unarmed black men

 Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner in the wake of the decision by two grand juries not to indict the police officers responsible for their deaths, according to three staffers who plan to participate in the event.

 The planned walkout comes after days of protests across the country, including in Washington, D.C., where demonstrators have marched through downtown, blocking roads and bridges on an almost nightly basis since last Wednesday's decision by a grand jury in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Garner.

 "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," said one staffer who was helping to plan the event.

 The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event, which is set to take place at 3:30 p.m., and is expected to draw at least 50 people. A staffer who planned to attend the protest said it was important to show support across racial lines.

 "I believe it's important, because what affects one community really affects the entire country," the staffer told CNN. "It's not just one group of minorities that's affected. How one group is treated affects Asians, Hispanics, women. It's important that we show our solidarity and come together and really speak out about the injustices that are being done."

 The group will gather in front of the Capitol and plan to take a photo at 345 p.m. U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black is expected to pray for the grieving families and to pray for peace.

 The US Capitol dome is cocooned in scaffolding on October 28, 2014 in Washington, DC as it undergoes its first comprehensive repairs in more than half a century a century. The two-year, USD 60 million project is aimed at repairing nearly 1,300 cracks that have emerged in the nine-million-pound (4.1-million-kilogram) cast iron dome, according to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) office. Construction on the dome began in 1855. Work symbolically continued through the US Civil War and the structure was eventually completed in 1866. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read )

 "We're not trying to cause any type of controversy," one staffer told CNN. "We're just trying to highlight this issue, to show solidarity with people who have been affected."

 Chaplain Black has drawn attention before for his topical prayers. Last year during the budget battle that shut down the government for 16 days, he opened each session with a prayer appealing the lawmakers to end the impasse.

 "Obviously, there are probably some people who feel that my prayers should not have been as pointed as they were," Black told CNN's Anderson Cooper after the shutdown had ended. "My prayers simply reflect the reality of the environment that I am in."

 Black could not be reached immediately reached for comment ahead of the event. ||||| Over a hundred black congressional staffers and several black lawmakers staged a walkout at the Capitol this afternoon, leading a silent protest on the steps of the Capitol over the recent police killing involving Ferguson and Eric Garner.

 Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Marc Veasey, D-Texas, were among the lawmakers participating in the walkout. Senate Chaplain Barry Black led the group in prayer, saying they were working as a “voice for the voiceless.”

 “Today as people throughout the nation protest for justice in our lands, forgive us when we have failed to lift our voices for those who couldn't speak or breathe for themselves,” Black said. “May we not forget that in our national history injustice has often been maintained because good people failed to promptly act. Forgive oh God, our culpability in contributing to our national pathology as you keep us aware of our own capacity to be instruments of injustice.”

 Alex Wong/Getty Images

 After the prayer, the group stood on the steps of the Capitol, raising their hands in a gesture that has become symbolic of the Ferguson refrain –- hands up, don’t shoot. |||||
Economic inactivity refers to people of working age who are not seeking work.
Its rate in Northern Ireland is just under 27% and can cover students, people with health conditions, or those with caring or parenting responsibilities.
The UK average is 22%.
The strategy, called 'Enabling Success', has been jointly launched by Employment Minister Stephen Farry and  Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster.
The strategy involves 11 projects, based on the voluntary participation of individuals.
Three groups will be targeted - those with work-limiting health conditions or disabilities, lone parents and people with caring commitments.
"I recognise that there are some who will never be able to work due to the severity of their health conditions," Mr Farry said.
"However, there are many people with work-limiting conditions who, with the right support, may be able to participate."
Mrs Foster added that the problem could hold back the economy unless addressed.
"The strategy will seek to contribute to an increase in the employment rate in Northern Ireland and to increase our economic competitiveness and productivity in the global market," she said.
By 2030, the strategy hopes to have raised employment levels to above the UK average.
"The current employment rate here is 68.6% compared with a United Kingdom average of 73.4% and achieving this goal will be challenging," Mrs Foster said.
(CNN) -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine, showing the actor's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor. The man named executor in Coleman's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband's death by selling the image to the tabloid, and suggested she is destined for the "life of a social and professional outcast." Coleman divorced Price in 2008, but they were living together in Santaquin, Utah, when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo, Utah, hospital. Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo, but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image. A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial, Coleman's longtime friend and former manager, as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process. A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor. Mial threatened to have Price, 24, arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman's home since his death. She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together, Mial said. While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died, his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors. "These items include, but are not limited to, numerous televisions and video game systems, a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck (registered to Coleman), cargo trailer (registered to Coleman), model train sets, computers, telephones, musical instruments, and furnishings," Mial said. "It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court's order, so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her," Mial said. Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images, which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "ongoing desperate attempt" to profit from his death. "These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may, ultimately, relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast, indeed, will bring," Mial said Wednesday. "May God bless Miss Price and her 'free will.'" A statement released by Price's publicist Monday did not deny Mial's accusation, but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer. "Dion, who claims to be a good friend of Gary, would know that Gary's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone," the statement said. "So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon, not taking all her money, to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her."
Phillip Clayton claims his 86-year-old mother Maureen, a retired teacher, died in agony, covered in pressure sores, after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed for 11 weeks . An 86-year-old woman died covered in 'horrendous' pressure sores after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed, her son claims. Phillip Clayton said his mother died in 'pain and tears' and contracted MRSA as a result of the care she received. He claims a delay in fitting a pacemaker also contributed to his mother's death after she was admitted to hospital with a dangerously low heart rate. He has launched a complaint against Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent after his mother Maureen died in November. NICE guidelines advise adults at high risk should be turned at least once every four hours to prevent pressure ulcers. The hospital is now carrying out a review into her care. Mr Clayton, 56, a public sector worker, said: 'The fact that my mother died is unfortunate. 'The way she died in pain and tears from the pressure sores is a disgrace and in my view, totally unacceptable. 'It is wrong to say my mother would not have died but I do think the care she received shortened her life. 'It was not the right way for her to die. The way she spent her last few weeks was shocking. 'The real problem is a total lack of leadership which permeates right down to ward level and results in an appalling level of service. 'I do not need apologies or a formal investigation, what I would like to see is change.' Mrs Clayton, a retired teacher, was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham, Kent. Her heart rate was low and she spent three days on a cardiac unit before being diagnosed with liver problems and transferred to the Will Adams ward. Mr Clayton claims while there staff failed to turn her during her entire 11 week stay - when it should have been done once every four hours. Mr Clayton says his mother even contracted MRSA as a result of the 'disgraceful' care she received at Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent (pictured) Mrs Clayton was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham . He added that they only rearranged the pillows under her back which did not prevent her from contracting painful pressure sores. Three weeks into her stay she was diagnosed with MRSA and died on November 27 from renal failure. Mr Clayton added: 'They simply rearranged the pillows underneath her. Turning a patient in bed is not rocket science. It is a basic nursing skill. 'There was a long delay before she was fitted with a temporary pacemaker and then a permanent one. During this time she deteriorated. 'If she had been fitted with the pacemaker in the first week and been able to get up, maybe things would have been different.' A spokesperson from Medway NHS Foundation Trust, who run the hospital where Mrs Clayton was treated said: 'The Trust takes concerns around care very seriously and is currently carrying out a review, as discussed with the family. 'The outcome of the review and the actions we are taking as a result of the findings, will be shared with the family.'
Add a location to your Tweets

 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| There's few rules on the Internet, but I think we can all agree on this one: Never put things to a public online vote.

 The Natural Environment Research Council is learning that lesson, but it could be a lot worse.

 The NERC, which is an independent environmental science organization in the United Kingdom, is in the process of building a new $300 million Antarctic survey vessel.

 Boat needs a name, right? Why not put it to a public vote, yea?

 UK's new Antarctic survey vessel to be built here @CammellLaird . You could name it #NameOurShip @BBCNWT pic.twitter.com/c9a7cHFuk1 — Mark Edwardson (@markedtv) March 17, 2016

 Well, the public is voting overwhelmingly to name the ship "Boaty McBoatface."

 Now, in the grand scheme of Internet shenanigans, "Boaty McBoatface" is not really that bad. In this writer's opinion, it's actually pretty great. After all, this is the same Internet that responded to a promotion to name a new flavor of Mountain Dew with "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Fapple."

 Other examples of Internet votes gone horribly wrong include a promotion that ended up sending the entertainer Pitbull to a Walmart in Alaska.

 Thus far, Boaty McBoatface has a commanding lead with more than 21,000 votes. It's next closest competitor, "Henry Worsley," an explorer and former British army officer who died in January during an attempt to become the first person to cross Antartica unaided, has a little more than 2,700 votes.

 The vote has spurred a hashtag — #BoatyMcBoatface of course — and even caused intermittent outages for its website.

 Due to a high amount of traffic some users may be experiencing problems using the #NameOurShip site. Please bear with us. — NERC (@NERCscience) March 20, 2016

 The closing date for entries is April 16. The boat is scheduled to set sail in 2019.
Longtime Fox News contributor and fill-in host Laura Ingraham is in line for her own show on the channel, possibly in a key prime time hour.

 On Monday a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN that there are talks underway between Ingraham and Fox executives, but no decisions have been finalized.

 The addition of an Ingraham talk show could be part of a bigger-picture reshuffling of Fox News Channel's highly rated schedule.

 A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment and Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment.

 Ingraham has been a paid contributor to Fox News since 2007. The show that's been discussed would be a big promotion.

 Matt Drudge, who is well-sourced in conservative media circles, spurred intrigue about potential changes when he tweeted this on Monday: "FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved."

 Drudge got tongues wagging, which may have been his goal.

 The prime time hours on cable news are 8, 9 and 10 p.m. When Megyn Kelly left for NBC in January, Tucker Carlson took over her 9 p.m. time slot.

 Then in April when Bill O'Reilly was removed amid a sexual harassment scandal, Carlson moved into O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot and the channel's 5 p.m. conservative talk show "The Five" moved to 9 p.m. Sean Hannity remained in place at 10 p.m.

 Now there is speculation inside and outside Fox that another schedule shake-up is in the works.

 The cable news channel seems to be exploring programming options in the event that Eric Bolling does not return. Bolling is the centerpiece of the 5 p.m. show that was created when "The Five" moved to 9. It is called "Fox News Specialists."

 Earlier this month Bolling was suspended pending a probe into accusations that he sent lewd texts to colleagues, which he has denied.

 If Fox News executives need to replace "The Specialists," "The Five" could be shifted back to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Then Ingraham could take over at 9 p.m.

 Alternatively, Hannity could move up one hour to 9, and Ingraham could take over at 10.

 Or maybe Fox executives have something in mind that nobody else has thought of yet.

 Along with the Bolling suspension, another subplot is the ratings race between Fox and MSNBC. The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow has snapped Fox's winning streak in the 9 p.m. hour.

 So Fox executives are asking themselves: Would Ingraham be a better match against Maddow than "The Five" currently is?

 Ingraham is a vocal supporter of President Trump, just like some of the co-hosts of "The Five."

 She is already a popular radio talk show host, with a three-hour morning time slot on stations across the country. She also operates a conservative-themed news and features site called LifeZette. ||||| Fox News Channel is in discussions with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham that could result in her coming to the 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network as a regular host, a person familiar with the outlet’s plans confirmed early Tuesday.

 The two sides are believed to be in early talks, and no decision has been made regarding the time slot Ingraham might anchor, or even when she might join the company in the new role. No deal has been signed, and there is no sense at this time when one might come to fruition, this person said. She already serves as a Fox News contributor.

 Revelation of the talks, which surfaced Monday on The Drudge Report and were further detailed by CNN, show Fox News Channel continuing to mull tinkering with its program line-up as it grapples in real time to find alternatives for hosts who have come under recent fire. Fox News replaced mainstay Bill O’Reilly in April after he parted ways over advertiser reaction to disclosures of settlements paid to women who had accused him of sexual harassment and other improprieties.

 The network’s current primetime lineup features Tucker Carlson at 8 p.m, the panel show “The Five” at 9 p.m., and Sean Hannity at 10 p.m. And though Fox News remains cable’s most-watched news network, it has had to contend with a resurgent MSNBC, where a primetime lineup led by Rachel Maddow has expanded its audience.

 Related Fox, Major League Baseball Strike New Rights Pact Official Name of New Fox Is, Uh, Fox -- and Other Takeaways From Annual Stockholders Meeting

 Ingraham has a long association with Fox News, having served as a fill-in for both Hannity and O’Reilly. Executives at the network have remained open to the idea of tweaking its primetime lineup, Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy told Variety in July.

 Fox News is also mulling talent options due to the recent suspension of Eric Bolling, the former commodities trader who served as co-host on the late-afternoon program “Fox News Specialists,” this person confirmed. Bolling was suspended earlier this month, when Fox News said it planned to investigate recent allegations made in a Huffington Post report that Bolling may have sexually harassed colleagues. Bolling has denied the charges and said he intends to clear his name. ||||| Fox News is not commenting, but people familiar with the talks who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said Ingraham is seen as a compatible fit between the network's conservative prime-time hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity. Under that scenario, the roundtable show "The Five" -- which moved to 9 p.m. Eastern time when the network had to shuffle its program line-up after Bill O'Reilly exited in April -- would move back to its original time slot of 5 p.m. Eastern to make room for Ingraham.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:59 EST, 4 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 5 March 2014 . When most people have too much to drink, they will often 'sleep it off' in an attempt to sober up. A Florida man, however, is not like most people - when he was stopped for speeding last month, he told the arresting officer that his wife had been nagging him for drinking too much, so he decided to hop in his SUV and 'drive it off' - on his way to a bar to have more drinks. Michael Moore, 61, was stopped just after midnight on February 13 by an officer in Stuart Florida after he was seen speeding down U.S. 1. Brilliant: Michael Moore told police when he was stopped for a DUI that he had been drinking but decided to 'drive it off' by driving to a bar . Moore was stopped in the 800 block of Southwest U.S. 1 at about 12:35 a.m. and the officer immediately smelled alcohol when he approached the allegedly intoxicated motorist, according to court records first obtained by TCPalm.com. According to the probable cause statement, Moore told the officer that he was coming from his house and that he had consumed 'a couple' of drinks. He also told the officer that he was heading to a local bar to have 'a few' more. The officer noted in the report that Moore's eyes were glassy and that his speech was slurred - according to the officer, he sounded 'thick-tongued.' Legal limit: Court records show that Moore's blood alcohol content was 0.104. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Report: The arresting officer noted that Moore sounded 'thick-tongued' and slurred his speech and that his eyes were wattery . Moore explained to the officer that he had been in an argument with his wife and decided he would take a drive. 'He also told me that his wife told him that he (had) been drinking too . much so he decided to go out and 'drive it off,"' an arrest affidavit . states. Prior to his arrest, Moore was given standard field sobriety tests. He failed them all. Once in custody, officers administered a breath test to determine Moore's blood alcohol content. Two separate tests measured his BAC at 0.104 and 0.103. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08. Moore was placed under arrest and charged with driving under the influence.

Watch out ladies or you might just become smitten with the 'coolest kid in the whole wide world'. That's the view of many after Keano, six, took his mother's iPad and filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs. His mother,Â Caitlin Gahleitner, from Perth, Western Australia, then promptly shared the clip online. The result is an adorable video that has gone viral with over 8,000 likes since it was uploaded to Facebook by radio stationÂ 2DayFM on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Caitlin Gahleitner (left) found a video her son Keano (right) had recorded on her iPad, which she promptly shared online . 'Hello girls, my name's Keano,' the mini-Romeo begins in a gentlemanly fashion. 'I hope you see my muscles and my abs,' he then says, flexing his biceps. Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano then lifts up his shirt for the camera and, pointing towards his belly, chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs'. 'I'm the coolest kid in the whole wide world,' he continues, before blowing a kiss to the screen. 'Hello girls, my name's Keano': The six-year-old filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs . Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano is seen lifting up his shirt for the camera and pointing towards his belly before he chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs' 'I hope you love me!' Viewers clearly did fall in love with the year one student, who received well over 8000 likes for his video and more than 1000 shares. Almost three thousand people commented on the clip, most of them comparing Keano to their own friends or complimenting him on his physique. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, told Daily Mail Australia that his inspiration came from his father. The video has since received over 8000 likes and 1000 shares since being uploaded on Wednesday . 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' MsÂ Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' However, Keano is not as keen about his new-found fame as the rest of his family members are, as Ms Gahleitner admits his aunts and uncles now incessantly ask him 'how's your abs, Keano?' 'We all tease him about it now and he gets embarrassed, he just keeps saying "I don't want to be famous!",' Ms Gahleitner said. 'I can't wait until his 21st birthday!'

Jon Huntsman couldn't help but fire a parting shot at his Republican rivals, even as he withdrew from the presidential race and backed front-runner Mitt Romney Monday morning. 'This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people and not worthy of this critical time,' he said during an announcement in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Huntsman, a former Utah governor and the President Obama's ambassador to China, must now navigate the tricky waters of supporting a candidate he slammed as an unelectable, untrustworthy flip-flopper. Shortly after Huntsman told his staff . Sunday night he was planning to quit the presidential race, videos and . statements criticizing the former Massachusetts governor disappeared . from Huntsman's campaign website. Family affair: Four of Jon Huntsman's daughters, including his adopted Chinese daughter Gracie Mei, stood on stage with him and his wife Mary Kaye (in the purple) today . Exit: Jon Huntsman leaves the stage after his announcement this morning, flanked by his daughter Mary Anne (left) and his wife Mary Kaye (right) Bowing out: Huntsman's presidential bid never gained traction and floundered after a disappointing performance in New Hampshire . As an opponent, Huntsman was one of Romney's harshest critics, offering several devastating assessments of the front-runner in an attempt to win over Romney's moderate supporters. 'I will always put my country first. It . seems that Gov Romney believes in putting politics first. Gov Romney . enjoys firing people; I enjoy creating jobs. It may be that heâ€™s . slightly out of touch with the economic reality playing out in America . right now, and thatâ€™s a dangerous place to be,' he told reporters right . before the New Hampshire primary. Lest anyone forget Huntsman's harsh words, the Democratic National Committee produced a greatest hits list of the most cutting remarks by the former candidate. Big gains: Hours after the announcement, Mitt Romney thanked Huntsman for his support and praised his campaign . Plea for unity: Flanked by his family, Huntsman criticized the divisive tone of the Republican race and said the party needs to unite . And Huntsman's endorsement of Romney was no ringing embrace. Instead, he simply cited Romney's electability. Jon Huntsman's campaign pulled down statements critical of Mitt Romney as he moved to endorse the Republican front-runner. However, the Democratic National Committee won't let Huntsman forget what he said. It has released a list of his greatest Mitt-hits: . 'I believe it is now time for our party . to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama. Despite our differences I believe that candidate is Gov Mitt Romney,' Huntsman said at a news conference with his wife and children. Huntsman staked his presidential bid . on making a name for himself in last week's New Hampshire primary. But . his candidacy never really gained traction and he came in a . disappointing third place behind Romney and Texas Rep Ron Paul. Campaign sources said Huntsman was dropping out now because he didn't want to pull support away from Romney, which could prolong the GOP presidential primary. Romney gladly accepted the affirmation from his fellow Mormon. 'I salute Jon Huntsman & his wife Mary Kaye. He ran a campaign based on unity not division, & love of country. I appreciate his support,' the candidate Tweeted moments after the public announcement. Despite his low support from voters, Huntsman's departure will surely be a boon to Romney. He was only polling at three to five percent in South Carolina and Florida, the next two primary states, but he was the only candidate still competing for moderate voters who are the backbone of Romney's support. According to recent polls, nearly all of Huntsman's supporters said Romney was their second choice. This further consolidates the establishment wing of the Republican party. Conservative voters are still divided between former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and, to a lesser extent, Texas Gov Rick Perry. Huntsman is the third candidate to leave . the race. Former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty exited in August and . Minnesota Rep Michele Bachmann dropped out after a poor showing in the . Iowa caucus. By his side: Huntsman made the announcement in South Carolina with his family, including his wife Mary Kaye . Waving farewell: Huntsman said he was ending his presidential bid because he believes Romney is the best choice to beat President Obama . Despite strong credentials -- an attractive, highly-educated former governor and businessman who speaks Mandarin Chinese and has extensive foreign policy experience -- Huntsman never rose above single digits in national polls. He staked his campaign on a victory, or at least a strong showing, in moderate New Hampshire. But the granite state didn't show him the love he was hoping for. He received just 17 percent of the vote compared to Mitt Romney's dominant 39 percent. Ron Paul came in second with 23 percent. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie turned down a Republican movement urging him to run for president this year, but he hasn't ruled out the possibility in the future. He told Oprah Winfrey during her visit to his home in Mendham, New Jersey, that he was considering running in 2016. 'I'll be much more ready for it four years from now than I am now,' he said. Christie says he can see his family occupying the White House in the future. The 49-year-old former US Attorney told Oprah he and his wife seriously considered the calls to run for president against Barack Obama, but ultimately he felt comfortable turning them down. 'Inside me it never felt right. I knew that if it didn't feel right, I couldn't be me,' he said.

He claimed there were few vessels to enforce new regulations for UK inshore fishing waters after it leaves the EU.
And the ex-Falklands veteran, who was once a Labour security minister, said he was "stunned" at the government's "amazing complacency" over the issue.
But minister Lord Gardiner insisted a vessel monitoring system was in place.
Lord West raised the issue just days after the government announced it is to withdraw from the London Fisheries Convention - the deal which allows foreign fisherman access to British waters.
Lord Gardiner, a rural affairs minister, said the Marine Management Organisation would supervise the UK's "exclusive economic zone", which stretches from six to 200 nautical miles - while the Association of Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authorities would cover up to six nautical miles.
But he added that as the UK leaves the EU a review will be needed to reflect on the level of fisheries enforcement required.
That response prompted Lord West to say: "This simple sailor is absolutely stunned by the answer, which shows amazing complacency.
"The bottom line is we have very, very few vessels involved in this. They are not properly centrally coordinated. We've already seen a number of the countries involved saying 'well to hell with what you're saying, we're coming there anyway'.
"We will be made a laughing stock if we apply some rules and cannot enforce them."
Lord West urged ministers to establish "a centralised command system to actually control the various assets we have", adding that "far too few of them seem to be able to focus on things like someone fishing illegally in the six to 12 mile zones".
He said more ships and boats needed to be built "to ensure we can actually enforce it".
The minister said he would like Lord West, who served in the Royal Navy between 1965 and 2006, to go with him to Newcastle to see a new digital vessel monitoring system that can pinpoint "every vessel that's at sea within our waters".
He said there were three offshore patrol vessels in operation, with a further five new river offshore patrol vessels being built that will be used for fisheries protection.
But Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Baroness Jones of Whitchurch argued that "fish stocks can't be managed unilaterally", adding "there has to be some cooperation with neighbouring countries".
"Fish shoals can sometimes move for hundreds of miles, and indeed our own fishermen fish up to the north of Russia and southern Portugal," she said.
"There's no point in making a unilateral declaration."
But Lord Gardiner said not only would the government be negotiating "with our partners and friends in Europe so we have a sustainable fishing industry" but post-Brexit the UK will "have the ability to decide who fishes in our waters".
He said the chief executive of National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations had welcomed the UK's decision to give notice to the London Fisheries Convention as "an important part of establishing the UK as an independent coastal state with sovereignty over its own exclusive economic zone".
He said fishing is worth Â£1.3bn to the UK economy, employs 34,600 people, has 6,000 fishing vessels and lands 708 tonnes of fish each year worth Â£775m.


Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury.
In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April.
However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle.
Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday.
The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew.
Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time".
"I would love to see it before I retired", he said, although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century.
An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then.
Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox, meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April.
But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar, hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity.
In 1990, the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date, which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments. It has not yet been reached.


It carries out a monthly survey of firms that tracks indicators such as new orders, employment and exports.
The latest report for April suggested a modest deterioration in business conditions, as output and new orders declined following growth in March.
That was the fourth monthly decline in activity in the last five months.
Ulster Bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said Northern Ireland's modest decline in private sector activity compares with growth in all of the other UK regions.
Manufacturing continued to be a bright spot, with output growth and new orders rebounding to a 6-month high, driven by market demand in Great Britain.
By contrast, Northern Ireland retailers reported their sharpest decline in retail sales since May 2012 and the construction sector posted its largest fall in business activity in two years.
Mr Ramsey said that despite the apparent weakness suggested by the results, companies are continuing to hire staff.
"Despite uncertainty and lack of demand, local firms saw their staffing levels rise in April at the fastest rate in seven months. Employment growth was reported across all sectors with the exception of construction," he added.
Looking forward, he said that the detail of the new Conservative government's fiscal plans and economic policies "will affect all sectors of the economy both public and private".

LONDON, England (CNN) -- The super-yachts of the super-rich could soon become super-green. The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this. Sydney-based technology company Solar Sailor is working on a "solar sail" which could act as both a sail and a solar power source to all sorts of large vessels. Super-yachts owned by billionaires like Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen are currently among the biggest fuel guzzlers on the planet. Some of the ocean-going beasts like Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's "Dubai," the biggest private super-yacht in the world, are over 150 meters long and contain amenities like aircraft hangars, movie theaters, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. All of these features sap incredible amounts of energy. Fuel consumption estimates on super-yachts have ranged up to one liter of fuel per second when traveling at high power. • See a photo gallery of the world's best super-yachts . Solar Sailor's CEO Robert Dane told CNN the technology could work perfectly with super-yachts. He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "We think it would enable people to have their super-yacht but make little or no carbon footprint, which is the big problem with these vessels," he said. Dane said the technology worked by using a wing that is a solar panel or a sail, pivotally mounted to a vessel so it can be angled to the sun or the wind. The "sails" are controlled by a computer which takes into account the direction and strength of sun and wind to optimize energy collection. A design project is currently underway in the United Kingdom to create a solar sail for the super-yachts, he said. Dane said the company was working with Chinese shipping company COSCO to get solar sails on some of its fleet. "Our aim is for a trail of retrofitted sails to one bulker and one tanker in 2010. Based on the results of this, then we would design 'new-build' vessels," he said. Dane estimated the sail could save about 5 percent in fuel consumption from the solar power and another 20 to 40 percent from wind power when the vessel is traveling at 18 knots. "This might add up to a 10 percent saving overall in the whole journey," Dane said. He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.

Washington (CNN) -- Within hours of President Barack Obama's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed, politics entered the fray. A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. Debate rages about role of torture . Interviews and commentaries by conservatives, including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention, citing media reports rather than direct information. A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection, at least to waterboarding, the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law. While administration officials, former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden, no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture. That doesn't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying. Republican Rep. Peter King, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid. Was bin Laden's killing legal? Mohammed was captured in 2003, and another high-value suspect, Abu Faraj al Libi, was captured in 2005. "I think it's fair to say that it's a long way to getting bin Laden, but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation" of Mohammed and al Libi, King said. However, as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday, Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi. According to Borger's report, the detainee who initially provided the courier's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation, but not waterboarding. Later, Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier, who was described as his protege, and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him, a senior U.S. official said. U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier's identity four years ago "from a different part of the world," the senior U.S. official said. Trail to bin Laden started with courier . King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded, and even though he lied about the courier, the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding. To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough, no such connection exists. "This whole idea about somehow whether EITs (enhanced interrogation techniques) played into that, I think, is just not consistent with the facts, and, also, a little bit of a sideshow, as far as I'm concerned," McDonough said. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August. "I can say with certainty that no single piece of information, with the exception of the address of the compound, was ... singularly vital to this, because we're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years," Carney said. "And it's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way; if, you know which thread held the cloth together, with the exception of the location of the compound." Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees, which he called one of many ways that information was gathered. "Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information" played a key role, "because we don't know," Carney said. Mark Fallon, a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, terrorist detention facility, rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden's capture. "I think some people are trying to rewrite history here," Fallon told MSNBC, adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and wasn't aware "of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding." One of Obama's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration. The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency, with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism. Now, those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return. John Yoo, a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques, said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked. However, his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources, rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees. Marc Thiessen, a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, made similar assertions on the group's website, but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports. Cheney, interviewed on ABC and Fox, said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden's demise, but added he had no proof. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism. "Now let's remember that in the early days, we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda," Rice said. However, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden's location that "came as a result of harsh interrogation practices." Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden. "This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement," Graham said, citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work. "I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding. I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work." CNN's Gloria Borger contributed to this story.


The party won 10 seats, but the Conservatives have retained control with 45 out of 78 councillors.
The Tories had 51 seats before Thursday's vote, while the Liberal Democrats slipped from 24 to 17.
Labour's seats increased from one to four, while two independent councillors were also elected.
Former cabinet minister Mr Huhne, a Lib Dem, was jailed in March for perverting the course of justice, and his party lost both Eastleigh council seats to UKIP.
One of UKIP's gains was in South Waterside where Philip Fawkes, a distant relative of Guy Fawkes, was elected.
A 15th Century ancestor of the retired head teacher was the great-great-grandfather of the the failed 1605 Gunpowder Plot ringleader.
When Mr Fawkes' candidacy was announced, party leader Nigel Farage said it showed "the blood of rebellion still runs in his veins".
By Steve HumphreyBBC South
It's been an historic night in the local elections - with UKIP winning its first seats on county councils in the south.
As soon as the votes came tumbling out of the ballot boxes in Hampshire it became clear that it was going to be a tough night for the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats.
Labour gained three seats - but it was UKIP's supporters who had the biggest smiles. They started the night with no seats on the county council - but they ended up with 10.
Across Hampshire, there were losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives - but the Tories retain control of the county council.
One senior Conservative MP says the UKIP surge should prompt the prime minister to deliver stronger policies on immigration and Europe.
Conservative Alexis McEvoy criticised her own party's national leadership after losing her South Waterside seat to Mr Fawkes.
She said Tory leaders "choose not to listen to what the public are saying", which boosted the UKIP vote.
"I hope the government will listen because they never do," she added.
"They're arrogant, out of touch and because of them good councillors have now been lost."
Andy Moore, 53, who won Eastleigh East for UKIP, said: "We have told the truth. We have listened to the public who have put us in these positions as councillors."
Martin Lyon, 47, who took nearby Bishopstoke and Fair Oak for UKIP, added: "I'm just shell shocked.
"It's all about the people on the ground. There have been a lot of people who have put the work in over five to 10 years in Eastleigh."
Lib Dem Sandra Gidley, who lost to Conservative Roy Perry in Romsey Extra, said she was disappointed but her stronger feeling was one of concern about the gains made by UKIP.
"It's a protest vote, it's a dangerous one; nobody knows what that party stands for," she said.
"It's now down to all politicians to try and reconnect with the public because what was clear to me is that the public have lost faith in all of us from all parties; that's why UKIP did well, not because they have anything to offer."
Voting was also held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday and counting began at 09:00 BST.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice practice.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice mido.
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
The independent inspector of immigration said the Home Office must make significant improvements regarding "overstayers" - foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the country.
John Vine said failure to do so could "undermine public confidence".
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said there was room for improvement.
The report suggests that the amount of "overstayers" in the UK is not increasing, and instead is remaining largely static.
Mr Vine said the overall size of the "migration refusal pool" - the number of foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the UK after 2008 - was 173,562 in the three months to June this year, compared with 174,057 in the same period two years earlier.
The Home Office signed a contract with private outsourcing group Capita to review, and where possible, close the records of migrants who had been refused leave to stay in the UK.
But Mr Vine said there had been "significant inaccuracies" in Capita's classification of migration refusal records.
The inspection concluded that of a sample of 57 records 16 had wrongly recorded the foreign national as having left the UK.
A Capita spokeswoman rejected claims that it had used information about passengers to the UK incorrectly and that it had incorrectly classified passport records.
She also rejected "any inference that we benefited in any way" from following the processes used to record migrants' entry to and exit of the UK.
In his report, Mr Vine specified that what he describes as Capita's inaccuracies meant the number of "overstayers" thought to have departed may have been overestimated by as many as 1,140 in 2013-14.
Mr Vine said: "I was disappointed to find a high level of inaccuracy in the classification of migration refusal records, with more than a quarter of departures in my sample being incorrectly recorded.
"Considerable improvements in the Home Office's capability to monitor, progress, and prioritise the immigration enforcement caseload will be needed to deliver its strategy for reducing the level of irregular migration."
He said inspectors had also identified a further 223,000 records of foreign nationals without permission to stay in the UK, whose cases dated to before 2008.
James Brokenshire said the report's recommendations would be taken forward, but changes made by the government had been having a positive impact and needed to be judged over time.
"The public can have confidence on the rigour that we are attaching to this issue," he said.
Universities are paying agencies millions to recruit overseas students who boost their coffers. Home students suffer as lectures are dumbed down to help those with poor English, academics say. And some institutions enrol lucrative non-EU students ‘regardless of their language skills’, it was claimed. A study by Times Higher Education (THE) found 106 universities spent £86million recruiting abroad in 2013 to 2014, or £1,767 per student – a 16.5 per cent increase on two years before. The Russell Group of top universities were some of the top spenders, with Sheffield, Glasgow and Cardiff each spending more than £6million from 2011 to 2014. Coventry spent the most, paying out £10.2million in commission and VAT to recruit 5,634 students, according to data obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. However, a university spokesman said: ‘By error the figures . . . included substantial non-agent related costs, and therefore do not represent the university’s spend.’ The University of Bedfordshire spent £9.5million and Middlesex University spent £8.8million including VAT. Giving money to recruitment agents is worthwhile for institutions because the average fee paid by a student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 – or £13,425 for laboratory-based courses. Fees for UK and EU students are capped at £9,000 a year. Liz Reisberg, formerly of the Centre for International Higher Education, at Boston College in the US, and now an independent consultant, told THE the situation was ‘staggering’. Of 158 universities that gave data, all but 19 used agents to enrol non-EU students. At the 124 institutions that gave a breakdown of admissions, there were 58,257 international students enrolled using agents in 2013-14. This month, a separate THE survey found more than a third of academics thought foreign undergraduates did not speak or write good English. One admitted to The Best University Workplace Survey that tutors ‘lower the level of classes so everyone can keep up – to the disadvantage of native speakers’. A Russell Group lecturer called the issue the sector’s ‘dirty little secret’. The average  fee paid by student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 a year to study in the UK . A respondent at a university in the Midlands said it tried ‘to attract as many international students as possible regardless of their language skills.’ As the survey was anonymous, there is no suggestion the complaints came from institutions that pay agencies fees to recruit internationally. Nicola Dandridge, of Universities UK, which represents the sector, said: ‘International students are subject to numerous tests to ensure they meet high English language requirements.’ The group said official guidance puts an onus on universities to ensure agents act ‘ethically and responsibly’.
Ireland started with purpose but went behind when Antonio Cassano headed in a near post Andrea Pirlo corner.
An equaliser would have knocked Italy out and their keeper Gianluigi Buffon smartly saved a Keith Andrews strike.
"I hope there are no dramatic changes for the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, because you have to remember what a brilliant achievement it was for us to get here in the first place.
"But my fear is what could happen to Giovanni Trapattoni.
"His team has not had the best of tournaments, and if we do not start out well on the road to the next World Cup in Brazil then I fear that people might turn on him."
I fear for Trapattoni, says Kevin Kilbane
Andrews was sent off for a second booking before Mario Balotelli volleyed in to settle Italian nerves.
Italy still had to endure a few more anxious moments as a Croatia equaliser against Spain in the other Group C game would have meant they were out of the tournament.
But Spain won and Italy will now play the winner of Group D, which includes England.
Ireland put in a more solid performance than in their two previous defeats, although it might not be enough to stop some of their old guard calling time on their international careers, and Shay Given, Robbie Keane, Damien Duff and Richard Dunne will all be left to mull over their futures.
The Irish had beaten Italy 18 years ago to the day at the 1994 World Cup but despite starting with pace and pressuring their opponents, they suffered from some poor decision making in the final third.
Italy weathered the Republic's early enthusiasm before gradually pinning their opponents back and being rewarded for their perseverance.
The opener came after some costly mistakes by Ireland, which started with Glenn Whelan giving the ball away to Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo.
Pirlo released Antonio Di Natale and he skipped over keeper Given but saw his effort from an acute angle cleared off the line by Sean St Ledger.
Ireland escaped this time but Given, so unusually uncertain at Euro 2012, quickly spilled a long range Cassano strike and the Azzurri seized on the error.
Cassano got his head to a near post Pirlo corner and although Given got a touch, the ball had already crossed the line before Duff - captain on his 100th Republic appearance - cleared.
The goal knocked the wind out of Ireland's sails and Given had to save a Di Natale shot as Italy threatened to overwhelm Giovanni Trapattoni's deflated side.
To their credit, the Republic regrouped and caused Italy some anxious moments, although only a powerful 25-yard shot from Andrews called Buffon into any serious action.
Andrews, already booked in the first half, was sent off after picking up a second yellow card.
He then furiously kicked out at the ball on his way off as he epitomised the frustrations of so many in the Ireland camp after a tournament in which they were comprehensively outplayed.
And Ireland's misery was compounded when Balotelli, side on to goal and with a defender in close attendance, volleyed in from a late corner.
Full Time   The final whistle goes and the game is over.
Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the right by-line.
Mario Balotelli has an effort at goal. Blocked by Stephen Ward. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Ignazio Abate on Damien Duff. Damien Duff crosses the ball in from the free kick, save made by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Alessandro Diamanti provided the assist for the goal.
Goal!  - Mario Balotelli -    Italy 2 - 0 R Ireland        Mario Balotelli gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the box to the top left corner of the goal. Italy 2-0 Rep of Ireland.
Inswinging corner taken from the right by-line by Alessandro Diamanti,
Daniele De Rossi restarts play with the free kick.
Dismissal      Keith Andrews sent off.
Foul by Keith Andrews on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded.
Mario Balotelli takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Jonathan Walters. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
Substitution      Simon Cox is brought on as a substitute for Robbie Keane.
Leonardo Bonucci produces a right-footed shot from just outside the area that goes harmlessly over the target.
Direct strike on goal from the free kick comes in from Alessandro Diamanti.
Booking      Sean St. Ledger is cautioned by the ref for dissent.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Mario Balotelli.
Damien Duff gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Direct free kick taken by Ignazio Abate.
Robbie Keane is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Andrea Barzagli restarts play with the free kick.
Foul by Jonathan Walters on Federico Balzaretti, free kick awarded. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
The ball is crossed by Stephen Ward, Headed effort from deep inside the penalty area by Jonathan Walters misses to the right of the target. The assistant referee flags for offside against Robbie Keane. Free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Jonathan Walters fouled by Alessandro Diamanti, the ref awards a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Damien Duff. Keith Andrews has an effort at goal from 25 yards. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Mario Balotelli by John O'Shea. Free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Unfair challenge on Stephen Ward by Alessandro Diamanti results in a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Substitution      Kevin Doyle goes off and Jonathan Walters comes on.
Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Damien Duff sends in a cross, Unfair challenge on Gianluigi Buffon by Richard Dunne results in a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Substitution      Mario Balotelli on for Antonio Di Natale.
Booking      Gianluigi Buffon goes into the book.
Richard Dunne fouled by Santos Thiago Motta, the ref awards a free kick. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Free kick crossed right-footed by Glenn Whelan, Ignazio Abate makes a clearance.
Booking      Booking for Daniele De Rossi for unsporting behaviour.
Daniele De Rossi concedes a free kick for a foul on Kevin Doyle.
Daniele De Rossi fouled by Shane Long, the ref awards a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Ignazio Abate challenges Robbie Keane unfairly and gives away a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the direct free kick.
Daniele De Rossi produces a cross, clearance made by Richard Dunne.
A cross is delivered by Ignazio Abate, Stephen Ward gets a block in.
John O'Shea challenges Alessandro Diamanti unfairly and gives away a free kick. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Shane Long concedes a free kick for a foul on Andrea Pirlo. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Richard Dunne is ruled offside. Indirect free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner from the right by-line taken by Damien Duff, Andrea Barzagli makes a clearance.
Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
Corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line.
Substitution      Shane Long replaces Aiden McGeady.
Effort from 25 yards by Keith Andrews. Daniele De Rossi gets a block in.
The offside flag is raised against Antonio Di Natale. Free kick taken by Sean St. Ledger. Kevin Doyle takes a shot. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Alessandro Diamanti concedes a free kick for a foul on Glenn Whelan. John O'Shea takes the free kick.
Substitution      Alessandro Diamanti is brought on as a substitute for Antonio Cassano.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by John O'Shea, the ref awards a free kick. Andrea Pirlo crosses the ball from the free kick right-footed from left by-line.
Keith Andrews has a volleyed shot. Comfortable save by Gianluigi Buffon. Unfair challenge on Santos Thiago Motta by Glenn Whelan results in a free kick. Santos Thiago Motta takes the direct free kick.
Kevin Doyle challenges Daniele De Rossi unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Santos Thiago Motta.
Claudio Marchisio has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
Foul by Damien Duff on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Direct free kick taken by Daniele De Rossi. Foul by Richard Dunne on Antonio Cassano, free kick awarded. Free kick taken by Federico Balzaretti.
Substitution      Leonardo Bonucci is brought on as a substitute for Giorgio Chiellini.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Save by Shay Given.
Aiden McGeady sends in a cross, Robbie Keane takes a shot. Blocked by Giorgio Chiellini. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff, Header by Richard Dunne from deep inside the penalty area misses to the right of the target.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Claudio Marchisio on Damien Duff. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Shot by Daniele De Rossi from outside the box goes over the net.
A cross is delivered by John O'Shea, Effort on goal by Kevin Doyle from just inside the area clears the crossbar.
Antonio Cassano takes a shot. Blocked by Richard Dunne. Effort from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
The ball is crossed by Andrea Pirlo, clearance made by Glenn Whelan.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line to the near post, Sean St. Ledger manages to make a clearance.
Federico Balzaretti produces a cross, Antonio Di Natale has a drilled shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
The referee blows his whistle to start the second half.
Half Time    It is the end of the first-half.
Giorgio Chiellini challenges Kevin Doyle unfairly and gives away a free kick. Keith Andrews restarts play with the free kick.
Inswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal. Blocked by Richard Dunne.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Robbie Keane.  Giorgio Chiellini takes the indirect free kick.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Santos Thiago Motta. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Unfair challenge on Aiden McGeady by Antonio Cassano results in a free kick. Shay Given restarts play with the free kick.
The ball is sent over by Antonio Cassano.
Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Booking      John O'Shea is given a yellow card.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Federico Balzaretti by John O'Shea.
Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Booking      Keith Andrews receives a yellow card.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick.
The assist for the goal came from Andrea Pirlo.
Goal!  - Antonio Cassano -    Italy 1 - 0 R Ireland        Antonio Cassano grabs a headed goal from inside the six-yard box. Italy 1-0 Rep of Ireland.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo,
Shot by Antonio Cassano. Save by Shay Given.
Antonio Di Natale has an effort at goal. Clearance by Sean St. Ledger.
The ball is crossed by Ignazio Abate, Antonio Di Natale takes a shot. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Federico Balzaretti. Shay Given takes the free kick.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Sean St. Ledger gets a block in.
Kevin Doyle challenges Andrea Barzagli unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Andrea Barzagli.
Direct free kick taken by Shay Given.
Booking      The referee books Federico Balzaretti for unsporting behaviour.
Aiden McGeady fouled by Federico Balzaretti, the ref awards a free kick.
The ball is crossed by Antonio Cassano, Shot from 12 yards by Antonio Di Natale. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
Claudio Marchisio concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Damien Duff delivers the ball from the free kick left-footed from left wing, free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Giorgio Chiellini by Sean St. Ledger. Direct free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Andrea Barzagli on Robbie Keane. Sean St. Ledger takes the direct free kick.
The ball is delivered by Damien Duff, Header by Sean St. Ledger from deep inside the penalty area misses to the left of the target.
Damien Duff decides to take the corner short.
Aiden McGeady delivers the ball.
Aiden McGeady is ruled offside. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Kevin Doyle fouled by Giorgio Chiellini, the ref awards a free kick. Aiden McGeady crosses the ball in from the free kick, free kick awarded for a foul by Richard Dunne on Andrea Barzagli. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Shot from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is delivered by Antonio Cassano, Sean St. Ledger makes a clearance.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Aiden McGeady.  Daniele De Rossi takes the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by Robbie Keane, the ref awards a free kick. Federico Balzaretti restarts play with the free kick.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line played to the near post, clearance made by Aiden McGeady.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
The ball is swung over by Antonio Cassano, clearance made by John O'Shea.
Antonio Di Natale concedes a free kick for a foul on Keith Andrews. Shay Given takes the direct free kick.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
A cross is delivered by Andrea Pirlo, Keith Andrews manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is sent over by Federico Balzaretti, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Keith Andrews gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrea Pirlo. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Antonio Di Natale crosses the ball, Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
The match gets underway.
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
Reverend Barry Trayhorn told an employment tribunal he had read the verses at HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire in 2014.
He was told complaints were made by gay prisoners and alleges he was unfairly dismissed.
His case against the secretary of state for justice continues.
Mr Trayhorn, 51, an ordained Pentecostal Christian minister from Sandy in Bedfordshire, had been working as a gardening supervisor at the prison at Perry near St Neots.
He had been invited to lead the worship at services once a week from 2012.
He told the tribunal in Bedford, he "often focused on Christian teachings about sin and repentance".
He confirmed the Bible passage in question was 1 Corinthians Chapter 6 Verses 9-11 which includes the lines "neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor coveters, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the Kingdom of God" and he read it on 31 May 2014.
Mr Trayhorn said he heard later that a gay prisoner had complained or was upset and there was "some sort of campaign" to remove him from chapel services.
"But I fear and do not believe it is right to alter the Christian faith so as to tailor it to any modern view of sexual ethics," he told the hearing.
He said he was told he could no longer volunteer at chapel services, complaints were then also made about his gardening work and he was told to attend a disciplinary hearing in a letter which said he had made a "homophobic statement".
He was signed off work in August 2014 with stress and resigned in November saying he had been harassed because of his Christian faith and it was impossible for him to return to work.
It means £1.3m of planned cuts will be avoided but other savings will be made.
These include £500,000 by changing the council's policy on sickness absence and a further £500,000 in schools energy incentives.
A Liberal Democrats proposal to save money by cutting the pay of senior councillors was defeated.
SNP councillors had said they would oppose any cuts in funding to services supporting vulnerable people.
The ruling group, made up of independent councillors had proposed cuts in funding for deprived areas, street cleansing, homeless support, women's aid groups and the Blas Music Festival.
They said the savings had been forced on the authority, in part because of the council tax freeze.
Earlier this month, all 32 local authorities in Scotland accepted the Scottish government's funding deal worth £10.3bn.
Many did so reluctantly, claiming the continued council tax freeze would lead to severe pressure on budgets.
Highland Council's leader Margaret Davidson said not being able to raise funds from a tax increase would result in job cuts and some services being axed.
Bill Fernie, the council's budget leader, said the local authority had to deal with "unprecedented challenges" in setting a balanced budget.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 7 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 7 February 2014 . A newborn who vanished from a southern Wisconsin home was found alive in a tote bag this morning at a gas station in eastern Iowa. Town of Beloit Police Chief Steven Kopp says the nearly week-old Kayden Powell was discovered by the police chief of West Branch, Iowa, checking along Interstate 80 at around 10.15am Friday. FBI acting special agent G.B. Jones said at a news conference the chief heard the infant crying and discovered the child swaddled in blankets and placed in a tote bag outside a gas station. Scroll down for video . Safe and sound: Six-day-old Kayden Powell is pictured here Friday after he was found alive in West Branch, Iowa, swaddled in blankets and placed . inside a tote bag against the cold . Missing: Kayden Powell, now six days old, . disappeared from his bassinet in the early hours of Thursday at a home . in Beloit, Wisconsin . Birth: Brianna Marshall, 18, gave birth Kayden at Beloit Hospital while his father, Bruce Powell, 23, was present . Authorities say baby Kayden appears to be in 'excellent health' despite the frigid temperatures. 'Our efforts are clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child. That's the immediate focus. In fact we're taking steps right now to make sure that happens,' Jones said. Person of interest: Police in Iowa arrested . Kristin Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of the baby's mother, . on unrelated fraud charges . Federal, . state and local law enforcement officers had been looking for the baby . since early Thursday when his mother, 18-year-old Brianna Marshall, . discovered him missing from a bassinet in a Town of Beloit home. Officers have arrested 'person of . interest' Kristen Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of Miss . Marshall, several hours later in the neighboring state of Iowa. The . woman is no longer considered as suspect in the case but is being held . on separate fraud charges. Authorities questioned a number of people, including Miss Powell, 18, Kayden's . father Bruce Powell, 23, Miss Powell's brother and Kayden's great-grandmother - all of whom who were in the house . when the baby was discovered missing early Thursday morning. Miss Marshall and Mr Powell, were . sleeping in the same room as their son when they discovered he was missing at about 4.30am. Right place, right time: Authorities gather at a gas station in West Branch, Iowa, where a missing newborn was found alive Friday when the local police chief heard a baby crying . Search: Forty officers from law enforcement agencies have now joined in the search for missing Kayden . Parents: Miss Marshall, pictured with Mr Powell, discovered her newborn baby had vanished from their home in the Town of Beloit, Wisconsin, at 4.30am. The couple had been sleeping in the same room as their son, Kayden . Miss Marshall then raised the alarm by calling 911, said Chief Kopp. Police said there were no signs of forced entry at the house. A 'person of interest' - believed to be a stepsister of Miss Marshall - was . arrested Thursday afternoon in Iowa on a warrant issued out of Texas, but police have . since said she is not a suspect in the child's disappearance. Kristin . Smith was arrested in West Branch on fraud charges after a warrant was . put out for her arrest in Texas. Arrest: 'Person of interest' Kristin Smith was arrested in West Branch, Iowa on separate fraud charges on Thursday. She is no longer considered a person of interest in the missing baby case . Scene: Baby Kayden was snatched from his crib at this Wisconsin home yesterday morning. Police say there were no signs of forced entry at the house, which is currently being processed as a crime scene . She claims to be Miss Marshall's half-sister, with the women sharing the . same father. The women had reportedly discussed moving to Colorado, . along with Mr Powell, after the baby was born. Alert: Miss Marshall called 911 after awaking at 4.30am and finding her newborn son was missing . Chief . Kopp confirmed that Smith left the home around 1.30am Thursday - before Miss Marshall reported that Kayden was missing. Kopp said that Smith was visiting the home on Wednesday evening but left early on Thursday for Colorado where she lives. Police were able to reach the woman on her cellphone and she pulled off the highway in Iowa. Authorities took the woman into custody on an unrelated outstanding warrant from Texas. West Branch, Iowa, is 170miles from Beloit - roughly a two-and-a-half-hour drive away. The . homeowner of the property where Kayden and his parents were staying is listed as . 46-year-old Mark Bennett, who has a history of arrests for battery and . criminal misdemeanors. Chief Kopp says the incident is not . believed to be a custody dispute - adding that an Amber Alert was not . issued because the disappearance doesn't meet the criteria. An Amber Alert is only issued if the child is at risk of serious injury . or death and there is sufficient descriptive information of the child, . captor or captor's vehicle. Kayden was born at Beloit Memorial Hospital six days ago. The Town of Beloit, home to about 7,700 people, is about 50 miles south of Madison near the Illinois border.
Former deputy prime minister John Prescott said Mr Paisley sr's phone was bugged in his Sunday Mirror column.
He said he was told of the tap on the former DUP leader's phone by then prime minister Tony Blair in 2005.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells has called on Lord Prescott to clarify when, exactly, the alleged tapping happened.
North Antrim MP Ian Paisley jr said his father would always have been careful when speaking on the phone.
"It would have been something that he would have been aware of, because people would have said to him 'be careful with your phone, it's being listened to'," he told BBC NI's Sunday News programme.
"Finding out who was listening to it is, of course, a different matter, but the suspicion was always there that it was the security services.
"For MI5 or MI6 to be engaged in doing that at the behest of the British prime minister is frankly wrong and now that it's been confirmed by John Prescott, the number two in the government, I think that his government needs to be held to account."
He added: "I certainly intend, by way of a point of order, to raise this in parliament on the 18th of April, when parliament reconvenes - I'm not going to let this rest."
Mr Paisley sr, who went on to become first minister of Northern Ireland, died in 2014.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson introduced the Wilson Doctrine in 1966, which ruled that MPs' communications must not be intercepted by the police and security Â­services.
If an MP was tapped, the prime minister would have to tell parliament.
Writing in his Sunday Mirror column, Mr Prescott said: "In 2005, when I was deputy PM, I was told by Tony Blair an MP had been tapped in the past without parliament being told.
"I asked him who it was and he told me the MP was the Rev Ian Paisley.
"Downing Street had been told by the interception of communications commissioner, who wanted to name Paisley.
"Tony asked me to discuss the Wilson Doctrine with the speaker of the House of Commons.
"I never told him (the speaker) that an MP had been tapped or that it was Paisley."
Mr Prescott declined to be interviewed by the BBC.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells who was chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee at Westminster from Autumn 2008 until his retirement in 2010, told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that questions needed to be asked and, if necessary, these should be put to whoever was prime minister at the time of the alleged tapping.
"I'm not surprised that Ian Paisley wants to know the truth. The country needs the truth as well," Mr Howells said.
"If it is true that phone tapping was going on, then Parliament should have been informed about it."
Mr Howells said phone tapping is allowed if the person who is being watched or listened to is considered to be a threat to national security. I'm not aware that Rev Ian Paisley - I assume in the 2000s - was regarded as a threat to national security."
He said Lord Prescott should make things clear.
"If there isn't a clear answer very quickly, then there ought to be questions posed to whom ever was the person responsible for doing this at the time and that would be a prime minister.
"Rev Ian Paisley was a prominent figure in British politics. I think the prime minister would have to say yes his phone was tapped or no his phone wasn't.
"This is about trust in the end between the elected government, the executive and the intelligence services.
"The intelligence services don't want to be branded by these conspiracy theory lunatics as some kind of shady alternative government.
"They operate within the law and they will want to be quite clear to all MPs now and to those who served in the past that they weren't objects of surveillance and they weren't being spied upon throughout their political careers."
By . David Mccormack . A photograph of a young mother breastfeeding at her recent graduation ceremony has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, stayed in school and completed her accounting degree. At her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month, she brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah. A photo of Karlesha Thurman, 25, breastfeeding at her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore . After the ceremony, Karlesha was proudly showing off her daughter to friends when Aaliyah became hungry. Still dressed in her cap and gown, Karlesha decided to feed her baby and a friend, who thought it cool, asked if they could take a picture. A couple of days ago she posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public. ‘I did it to show it’s natural, it’s normal, there’s nothing wrong with it,’ Karlesha told Today. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, remained in school and secured an accounting degree, she graduated from Long Beach State University in California last month . Karlesha posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public . 'It’s not disgusting, it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a negative thing. It’s the best thing for my daughter. More people should do it,' she added. Though Karlesha has since deleted her photo, the Facebook group decided to share the photo as part of their efforts to try and normalize breast-feeding in public. ‘Congratulations, mama!!!! Giving her daughter more gifts than one! Isn't this beautiful?! #normalizebreastfeeding,’ read the caption. As the photo spread, the Facebook page – and Karlesha - received a lot of support. 'Congratulations to the mom for graduating & putting your baby 1st,' Michelle Spruill wrote on the group’s Facebook page. Karlesha brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah to her graduation last month . 'I breast-fed all 3 of my babies. I didn't let my babies starve because of how it would make someone else feel. Good job!' As well as support, the photo also drew some negative comments as well. Some people though it was inappropriate and that she should have covered up. 'Maybe I still have sleep in my eyes but did U just see a pic of a chick really breastfeeding during middle of her graduation?' tweeted Moderate. Karlesha, however, has no regrets. ‘I was proud of the fact that not only did I graduate but that I got to share the moment with the one person who is the most important to me and that is my daughter,’ she told Today.
The track sold 117,000 copies, some 40,000 more than its closest rival, Avicii's Wake Me Up, according to the Official Charts Company.
Lady Gaga's Applause was the second highest new entry at five. It was released midweek after leaking online.
Last week's number one, Miley Cyrus's We Can't Stop, fell two places to number three.
Goulding's previous highest charting single was her cover of Elton John's Your Song, which peaked at two in 2010.
Burn features on the deluxe edition of the 26-year-old's album Halcyon, which also climbed seven places in the album chart to 19.
"It means the world to me to be number one at the moment," the singer told the chart compiler. "It was always my dream to have a UK number one single and it's been a long time coming."
See the UK Top 40 singles chart
See the UK Top 40 albums chart
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show
Elsewhere in the singles chart, there were four new entries in the top 20.
Arctic Monkeys' Why'd You Call Me When You're High - taken from their new album, AM, which is released next month - was at eight, while The Wanted achieved their ninth top 10 hit with We Own the Night at 10.
Ray Foxx's Boom Boom also entered the chart at 12.
In the album chart, Britain's Got Talent duo Richard and Adam Johnson held on to the top spot for a third consecutive week with their debut record, The Impossible Dream.
The brothers' album of classical renditions of standards such as The Power of Love and Unchained Melody is now tied with Justin Timberlake's The 20/20 Experience for the most consecutive weeks at number one this year so far.
Rudimental climbed five places to two on the chart, while Imagine Dragons remained at three.
White Lies had the highest new entry at four with Big TV, with Passenger's All The Little Lights rounding out the top five.
Whether it's being used as a swanky party venue, floating showroom or private vessel, the Xhibitionist is certainly a boat designed to turn heads. The 75 metre long vessel is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht which even comes with its own supercar. Designed by Swedish-based car designer Eduard Gray, the slick ship's interior is decked out in Art Nouveau decor, with classic touches like a Steinway piano, a dual staircase, and fine crystal Baccarat lighting. But you'll need Bruce Wayne's bank account if you want to buy one. The lead-in price is 2 million euros (£16million) for a 'basic' model. Keeping with its automotive theme, the Xhibitionist has space for a car showroom and 'engine room', complete with exposed engines displayed behind glass walls. Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-hood-like deck to power the ship, and the panels double up as a concert space or helipad with space for three helicopters. The fly deck even features a Jacuzzi, and by night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting. As for the Xhibitionist's price? 'As far as investments go, the 75 m luxury yacht Xhibitionist concept resembles more of a real estate and marketing venture than a yacht.' If you have to ask, you know you can't afford it. Scroll down for video . Is it a boat, is it a car? No, it's a megayacht. The supercar designer's megaboat costs more than £16 million . The 229ft-wide Xhibitionist is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht designed by Swedish supercar designer Eduard Gray . Holy moley! A good sized helipad on deck ensures A-listers can be flown in if needed . Shiny shiny: Believe it or not this is actually the inside of the boat. It feels as large as an airplane hangar, but with an Art Nouvea vibe . Can we make it a car showroom? Apparently so, this boat is big enough to take an entire fleet of Bentleys . Opulence: Sofa space for chilling out, tick. But where's the television? And where better to chill out and watch the sunset than atop the deck... hang on, is that a band playing up there? It may look like a deep sea creature from the abyssal plains but this is just the megayacht with its lights on after dark . And of course every megayacht needs a megacar for those all important onshore errands. Right, have we run out of champagne again? Slimline: Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-bonnet-like deck to power the ship . And so to bed: By night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting .
By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Mollie King landed herself a modelling contract earlier this year - and it seems that another member of The Saturdays is giving her a run for her money. Vanessa White, known as the 'party girl' of the pop group, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women’s Special Talent division. Vanessa, 24, will be joining a roster of top UK faces including Agyness Deyn and Sienna Miller, as well as talents such as Laura Whitmore, Millie Macintosh and Tom Odell. Scroll down for video . Looking good! Vanessa White, who found fame with The Saturdays, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women's Special Talent division . Select is proud to welcome Vanessa to their agency with a representative saying: 'We love her unique personal style and presence, as do her fans. 'At Select Model Management we choose to work with influencers who have a strong and confident image and Vanessa's style and infectious personality work perfectly for us. We know she has great things ahead of her.' Vanessa rose to fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. As one of the youngest of the group, Vanessa became the only member to sing a solo in every song of their debut album, Chasing Lights. Happy to have her: The agency, who has Sienna Miller on its books, says they are proud to welcome Vanessa because they love her unique personal style and presence . Finding fame: Vanessa rose to immediate fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records, is known as the party girl of the group . 'She has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed,' say her agency. Vanessa added: 'I am so excited to have signed with Select Model Management. I have always adored fashion and I can't believe I am now on the books of one of the biggest and most respected modelling agencies in the country. 'I feel so lucky to be amongst other great talent.' Love her look: The agency say that the 24-year-old has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed . Vanessa is currently dating Gary Salter, who she has been with for over two years and they attended Frankie Sandford's wedding together at Woburn Abbey in Bedfordshire on Saturday. The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection. With performances from September 7-23 nationwide, the girls will no doubt wow their fans with a re-cap of their most successful pop moments. Girl group: Frankie Sandford, Una Healy, Rochelle Wiseman, Vanessa White and Mollie King of The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection . Where it all began: The five piece group started on their journey in 2009 and have since become one of the most successful girl groups of the decade .
(CNN) -- Spanish La Liga side Malaga have continued their recruitment drive with the purchases of French midfielder Jeremy Toulalan from Lyon and experienced Dutch central defender Joris Mathijsen from Hamburg. The 27-year-old Toulalan, who represented France at both Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup finals, has agreed a four-year contract and will be presented by the club at the end of June. He joined Lyon from Nantes in 2006 for $10.5 million, and is a regular for his country -- winning 36 international caps. German striking legend Klose completes move to Lazio . Meanwhile, Mathijsen, 31, spent five successful seasons at Hamburg and has won 72 caps for the Netherlands, playing in last year's World Cup final defeat by Spain. Malaga are owned by Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani, who has invested a lot of money into the squad, since purchasing the club in June 2010. They flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th in the table and coach Manuel Pellegrini has brought in the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Julio Baptista, Enzo Maresca and Martin Demichelis over the past year to launch a challenge for a Europa League place this season. Meanwhile, Premier League side Newcastle have made their second summer signing with the capture of Senegalese striker Demba Ba from relegated West Ham. Ba, 26, had a clause in his contract which allowed him to move on if West ham were relegated, and he joins French midfielder Yohan Cabaye in arriving at St James' Park. The signing makes some amends for Newcastle, who this week lost club captain Kevin Nolan, ironically to West Ham. The 28-year-old Nolan, the highest scoring midfielder in the Premier League last season with 12 goals, signed a five-year deal with the London side to be reunited once again with his former manager at Bolton, Sam Allardyce.
A postman has been jailed for stealing hundreds of packages containing valuables and then making £15,500 by selling them online. Andrew Barratt, 49, took an estimated 400 items such as satnavs, digital cameras and computer games which his wife Michelle, 38, then auctioned on eBay. Their scam was foiled in April 2012 when Royal Mail investigators posted an iPad with a tracking device. It failed to arrive and was followed to their home in Stockport. Andrew Barratt, 49, was jailed for 15 months while his wife Michelle (left) was given 120 hours' unpaid work . Barratt, a postman for 14 years, was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked. He was jailed for 15 months after admitting theft and converting criminal property. His wife was given 120 hours' unpaid work after pleading guilty to converting criminal property. At Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, Judge Leslie Hull said they had run 'a thoroughly dishonest scheme'. Barratt was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked from his position as a postman at Royal Mail . Most of the items had been sent out by Amazon – which had reported around 2,000 lost packages in the postcodes where Barratt worked. An eBay account under the name 'ShellB76' run by Mrs Barratt was found to have sold 463 items – most of them electrical goods – since June 2010. Their retail value was almost £21,000. Two of the items – a camcorder and a Sony Walkman – had been reported stolen to police. She told detectives she had bought the items at car boot sales, despite the fact many of the sales were computer games which had been released just days earlier. The couple eventually pleaded guilty on the day of their trial. Defending Mr Barratt, Milena Bennett said he had stolen the goods while 'self-medicating' psoriasis with cannabis and amphetamines. A Royal Mail spokesman confirmed Barratt was sacked and said they seek to prosecute any members of staff who tampers with mail. He said: 'Royal Mail has a zero tolerance approach to any dishonesty and that stance is shared by the overwhelming majority of postmen and women. 'We will not allow the actions of any individual to damage the good reputation of our thousands of hard-working postmen and women. 'It is a criminal offence to tamper with or delay the delivery of mail and anyone caught doing so will face serious disciplinary measures. 'Royal Mail will always seek to prosecute the tiny minority of people who abuse their position of trust.'
A woman in China has been slammed online after she prevented firefighters from breaking the window of her luxury car in order to rescue her trapped three-year-old son.

 China's state broadcaster CCTV reported that the incident, which occurred in the city of Yiwu in Zhejiang province last Saturday (July 11), triggered an outpouring of anger on social media.

 Large crowds had gathered after hearing the boy's cries of help coming from within the BMW, but were surprised to find his unperturbed mother standing outside the car.

 With the boy growing visibly weaker as he clawed in vain against the car window, firefighters attempted to break the window but were stopped by the mother.

 An eyewitness said the mother insisted that they wait for a locksmith to unlock the car door as she did not want to damage the car. But the firefighters ignored her and ended up smashing the window to rescue her son.

 "It is very dangerous to leave kids inside the car, especially in such heat," one firefighter was quoted as saying.

 "The temperature inside the car can soar in a very short time and threaten the child's life."

 Netizens expressed shock and disgust at the woman's actions.

 One wrote sarcastically: "Looks like the car window is her real son." ||||| BMW logos are displayed on a production line in Berlin. Reuters

 This post has been updated since it was first published. See note below.

 China’s Internet has lit up with debate this week after reports of a mother who left her young son alone in her BMW – then refused to smash the luxury car’s windows in order to rescue him from the heat.

 The mother, who has not been named in Chinese news reports, has since denied that she opposed smashing the window and says that she tried to break it herself, to no avail.

 Advertisement

 The incident took place last Saturday night, when firefighters in the city of Yiwu in coastal Zhejiang province received a call alerting them that a child was locked inside a BMW, according to the Zhejiang Online provincial news site.

 When the firefighters arrived, they found a young boy sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, crying and prying at the glass, the report said, citing one of the rescuers. The child had already been trapped in the car for about an hour, it said, and two locksmiths were already at work trying to open the door, while a large crowd was gathered around watching.

 According to Zhejiang Online, the firefighters began to negotiate with the child’s mother, who urged them to wait for the locksmiths to open the door. After several minutes they were still unsuccessful, and the crowd began to condemn the mother. Finally, the report said, the firefighters insisted on smashing the glass, saving the frightened child.

 Days after the initial report, the mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that the incident had been misunderstood. In an interview published Wednesday, she said that she had tried to break the window using a stone and hammer, and then called the police after her efforts failed. She maintained that she had hoped the locksmiths could open the door as the breaking glass could frighten or injure her 17-month-old son trapped inside.

 The Hangzhou-based newspaper also quoted a firefighter who defended the mother and said the confusion could have arisen because she “didn’t say anything” when he initially asked for permission to break the window.

 Photos posted online by the website showed large crowds of onlookers blocking a main street as they gathered around a fire engine and the black luxury car.

 On China’s Weibo microblogs – where reports of the incident had received more than 7.6 million views as of Thursday afternoon – users responded with fury to the initial report, with many arguing that the mother’s behavior was an example of values gone awry in modern China.

 “It’s clear that for this mother, a car is more important than her child,” one Weibo user wrote.

 “Leaving a child trapped in a car on such a hot summer day, and then refusing to smash the window? Do you really want your child to suffocate?” wrote another.

 Remarked another: “If you encounter this kind of situation, the answer is simple: First smash up the parents, then smash the glass.”

 After the mother’s defense, however, some users directed their rage at the media, arguing that the tale was only the latest case of a news story being blown out of proportion.

 “Some journalists know that ‘Dog Bites Man’ isn’t really news, so they try to rewrite it as ‘Man Bites Dog,’” one Weibo user wrote Thursday morning. “In the end they just cause a big stir.”

 China has experienced dazzling economic growth in recent years, and with it has come soul-searching over whether public values have now shifted toward the pursuit of material wealth at any cost.

 Owners of glitzy cars have become a particular scourge, with 80% of respondents in a Hurun Research Institute survey last year saying that they had heard negative news reports involving drivers of luxury vehicles. 70% of the bad publicity was related to BMW owners, the survey said.

 –Felicia Sonmez. Follow her on Twitter @feliciasonmez.

 (Note: This post has been updated to include comments from the mother and local rescuers in news reports published Wednesday, and subsequent reactions among social media users.)

 Sign up for CRT’s daily newsletter to get the latest headlines by email.



 For the latest news and analysis, follow @ChinaRealTime



  ||||| Chinese drivers of BMW cars are seen as newly rich, materialistic showoffs by drivers of other luxury brands. Yet such owners consider themselves relatively discreet entrepreneurs with a positive outlook on life.

 That’s just one of the findings of a survey of luxury car owners in China published Wednesday.

 The survey, conducted by wealth research firm Hurun Research Institute, compared the images of eight foreign luxury brands vying for a spot in the country’s luxury car market, which is widely expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s biggest in the next few years.

 But an anticorruption drive by the Chinese government is changing how those living the high life are perceived by a Chinese public that increasingly frowns on ostentatious displays of wealth.

 According to the report, 80% of all respondents had heard negative news about luxury car owners, which in years past have included a famous 2011 incident in which one BMW owner, son of a famous military singer, attacked a couple during a road rage episode. Of the bad publicity, 70% was related to BMW owners.

 The survey didn’t list similar statistics for other brands.

 BMW didn’t respond to requests for comment Wednesday.

 One hundred car owners for each of the eight brands were surveyed in selected cities across China between February and October. Respondents, of which three-quarters were male, had an average age of 33.5 years and average family income of just over 1 million yuan, or around $175,000.

 The survey found that Audi has the most clearly defined image of all brands, with owners seen as mature, experienced government officials. For some prospective luxury car buyers this can translate into, well, kind of boring. Audi says the days of its brand being closely associated with Chinese bureaucrats have passed and that its image has undergone a transformation toward more vitality.

 Of the leading three German brands that dominate China’s market, the self-image of those who drive Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz aligns very closely with how drivers of other luxury cars perceive them—namely, as successful, cultured entrepreneurs.

 For what it’s worth, Mercedes drivers also had the highest income among participants.

 The image of more recent entrants into China’s luxury car market is also becoming more defined.

 Jaguar Land Rover’s sport-utility drivers are seen as young showoffs with new money, the survey found. Land Rover owners had the lowest level of education among survey participants. JLR said Land Rover caters to a broad range of customers in China with diverse backgrounds.

 General Motor’s Cadillac drivers were seen as mature and successful (so much for that young, trendy image GM has been spending heavily to cultivate for the brand—from hiring actor Brad Pitt for advertising campaigns to hosting glamorous launch parties on Shanghai’s iconic Bund and sponsoring funky art installations.)

 Infiniti drivers were seen as glitzy, glamorous movie-star types whom China Real Time reckons probably need to wait tables by day–Infiniti owners had the lowest income among those surveyed. Infiniti said it targets young-minded premium customers.

 As for Volvo? Drivers of the Chinese-owned Swedish brand are seen as—yawn–highly educated, valuable members of society who are family-oriented and morally upright.

 –Rose Yu and Colum Murphy

 Note: This item has been updated to reflect comment from Jaguar Land Rover.

 _____________________________________

 Also popular on China Real Time now:

 China’s Over-Reliance on Guaranteed Loans, in 3 Charts

 As China Cracks Down on Illegal Videos, Lovers of Foreign TV Mourn |||||
 Tony Adams wants the current Arsenal squad to stop calling him ‘Mr Adams’. He wants to stop having to tell them how it feels to be a winner because none of them know. He wants them to start writing their own history, starting with lifting the FA Cup at Wembley. It feels fitting that Adams is speaking at Repton Boxing Club in east London, in front of a black and white poster screaming ‘No Guts No Glory’. He is incredulous that Arsenal could be stifled by the tag of favourites and seems equally unimpressed as he explains Arsene Wenger believes he has a squad capable of winning the Champions League. Mr Arsenal: Tony Adams (left) won plenty of trophies as Arsenal skipper including the 1989 league title . Tear it down: Adams has been honoured with a statue, but wants this generation to write a new history . But then Adams, as he puts it, ‘likes winning things’. The former Arsenal captain can look back on four League titles, three FA Cups and two League Cups between 1987 and 2002. If his old club secure fourth place in the Barclays Premier League and the FA Cup this season it would only mean the campaign has ‘not been a failure; not like having to play in the Europa League like Tottenham’. He adds: ‘None of this Arsenal team knows what it’s like to win a trophy for the club. Arsene remembers, but not these players. ‘I did a Q&A with some of the players the other week, and all the questions about winning were coming to me because they didn’t have the answers. ‘I was talking to Carl Jenkinson and Kieran Gibbs and I was telling them: “You need to know how it feels just to get over the line” because it’s a weird feeling. ‘It was normal for us to win games. I’m not so sure this group of players has that. ‘They call me Mr Adams and stuff! I’m not sure I ever called older players “Mister”. Ambition: Wenger badly wants to win the Champions League after coming so close in 2006, says Adams . Learning to win: Adams has had to answer questions about success to both GIbbs (left) and Jenkinson (right) ‘I want them to be pushing me to the side and ripping my statue down and make their own history. ‘They’re lovely guys, but they need leadership. Mikel Arteta’s a good pro without being, for me, a great player, but he will say “come on”. ‘(Per) Mertesacker’s been more verbal this year. I had a go at Per at the beginning of the season and said: “You don’t have to be Mr Nice Guy, you don’t have to be liked.” You don’t just go through your career letting it go by and missing the moment.’ Adams believes Wenger had ‘10 easy years’ in his first decade at Arsenal, having inherited that famous back five and an ‘unbelievable squad’ of players ‘ready to be taught’. The 47-year-old thinks the Frenchman should sign a new contract at the club, regardless of the outcome at Wembley, but disagrees with Wenger’s optimism about the potential of his squad to win Europe’s most glittering prize. Leaders: Both Arteta (left) and Mertesacker (right) have had to learn to be more assertive this season . ‘I think Arsene really wants to win the Champions League,’ says Adams, ‘and I think he still thinks this group of players can do it for him. While he’s still got that belief, he’ll stick around. ‘If he thought that this squad couldn’t win him the Champions League I think he’d move on to Barcelona or a club that would deliver that for him before he goes to Paris Saint-Germain. ‘Do I share that optimism? No, I don’t. I don’t think the full backs are good enough. They’ve really struggled this year. ‘But I think Arsene should stay. I think, financially, he does fantastic for the club and there’s a great structure in place and better the devil you know. ‘He came in to take over an unbelievable squad, with an untapped French market, and he found a captain who had sobered up six weeks ago and was ready to grab life, instead of grabbing a pint, so a lot of his circumstances are to do with timing. ‘When the teacher appeared, that team was ready to run. I think he had 10 easy years, really.’ In conjunction with The European Azerbaijan Society and to mark World Refugee Week, Tony Adams is promoting a gala charity boxing night at York Hall, East London, on Friday 27th June. Tickets are available at www.Repton-Gabala.eventbrite.co.uk and proceeds will go to the Mo Farah Foundation.
(CNN) -- When looking at the world's lowest unemployment rates, one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia. Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3%, ranking them in the top six overall, according to tradingeconomics.com. "One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China," said George T. Haley, a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "New Asian Emperors: The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese." Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead. But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world. "The U.S., in its policies back during the Vietnam War, encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism," Haley said. "And over time, it just became a good place to invest. You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government, and you had the growing economy, which just fed on itself." Speaking of the U.S., its unemployment rate is 9.2%, which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries. While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia, take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt. Many countries define unemployment differently, so it's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions. It's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010. Many countries are not on this list because they haven't released their rates in years, if at all. So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25%, they are likely far from the world's worst. The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries, and eight of them are above 50%. Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95%. Other notable countries on the table: . *** America's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors, Mexico (5.2%) and Canada (7.4%). *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs, especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa. Tunisia, the first government to fall, had an unemployment rate of 13% one month before its revolution. Egypt's rate was just under 12% in March. Morocco, another country in North Africa experiencing unrest, reported a rate of 9.1%.  *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union. Ireland and Greece are both above 14%, while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4%. But it's Spain, at 21.3%, that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU.
By . Anna Hodgekiss . Doctors using Skype to check on a patient at home helped save her husband’s life when he collapsed in front of them. Medics were monitoring kidney patient Brenda Griffin via the internet when they saw her husband, Peter, who was sitting next to her, keel over. The hospital staff immediately dialled 999 and told Mrs Griffin how she could unlink herself from her kidney dialysis machine so she could help her 70-year-old husband. Medics who were monitoring Brenda Griffin while she underwent dialysis via the internet saw her husband Peter collapse on camera and were able to guide Mrs Griffin on how to unlink herself and help her husband . Paramedics were alerted and he was was rushed to hospital where it was discovered he had bowel cancer. Mrs Griffin, 65, from Draycott, near Derby, said: 'I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t been using Skype that day. 'Skype had already given me my life back because it meant I could have my treatment at home. Now it’s saved my husband as well.' Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology to speak to patients at home. Mrs Griffin uses Skype on her tablet (pictured) to talk to experts, which allows her to have her kidney dialysis treatment at home. Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology so that patients do not have to spend so much time in hospital . Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time. But the treatment was gruelling and left her exhausted, so doctors came up with an alternative solution. Instead of traipsing into hospital, she would be able to stay at home to have her dialysis treatment, speaking face to face with staff at the hospital’s renal unit via Skype on her Kindle tablet. Mrs Griffin, a retired receptionist, said: 'My husband had set up the machine for me but it was one of those days where we were having problems with it, so I decided to Skype the unit. 'While I was talking, Peter suddenly said he didn’t feel well. He sat down and then, all of a sudden, he passed out. 'The hospital was asking what was going on as Peter came around. He went to go and mop his brow but then he passed out again. Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time . 'At this point, I was tied up to my machine so I couldn’t do anything. Peter normally helps me out with it. 'So the hospital sent out for the paramedics and then guided me on how to take myself off it. By the time I had managed to take the needles out, the paramedics had arrived. 'If it hadn’t been for Skype, I don’t know what would have happened. It’s a wonderful thing.' Mr Griffin, a retired British Rail supervisor, was taken to hospital after his collapse last November. Tests revealed he had collapsed and felt unwell because he was suffering from bowel cancer. Doctors operated on him the following month and he is now receiving lower doses of chemotherapy at home, through tablets. The hospital is hoping to extend Skype consultations to other departments.
They say it is a result of significant increase in loss of human lives from attacks by wild animals.
The problem is especially acute in buffer zones between human settlements and national parks.
In recent years, Nepal has developed a successful protection programme for many endangered species.
The Chitwan National Park in southern Nepal has more than 500 rhinos, up from half that figure few years ago, and more than 125 tigers.
The Bardiya National Park in the west now has more than 80 elephants, almost 10 times as many as there were in the 1990s.
In the Himalayas, the numbers of endangered species like snow leopards and red pandas have been growing as well.
And the country has nearly 24% of its land area as protected areas, including national parks, conservation areas and wildlife reserves.
With all these achievements in nature conservation, however, Nepal has also witnessed a rising number of human deaths and property losses because of wildlife.
In the last five years, more than 80 people have been killed by wild elephants while 17 of the animals died in retaliatory killings, according to forest ministry officials.
Last month, local people in Chitwan, southern Nepal, staged a strike and demanded that a rogue elephant be killed after it had taken the lives of three people.
A few months ago, a leopard in western Nepal caused terror as it killed more than a dozen people within a matter of weeks.
In eastern Nepal, herds of wild elephants continue to rampage, demolishing human settlements and raiding crops.
Meanwhile, common leopards are increasingly attacking children and livestock in the hilly region.
Further north, in the trans-Himalayan region, locals continue to complain about snow leopards preying on their livestock.
Although forest ministry officials are yet to compile the latest data on these losses, they do admit that such incidents have gone up remarkably.
"Before, we used to record about 30 human deaths because of wildlife attacks annually but in the past few years the figure appears to have risen significantly," said Forest Ministry spokesman Krishna Acharya who, until recently, headed Nepal's Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation.
He added: "The time has now come for us to determine how many such wildlife species we can have in our protected areas."
WWF's Nepal country director, Anil Manandhar, said the problem had become quite serious.
"This is now something that could become the biggest threat and setback for Nepal's success in wildlife conservation," he explained.
Wildlife experts say human settlements known as buffer zones around national parks have become flashpoints for human-wildlife encounters.
"The numbers of rhinos and tigers are increasing in the national park and they are moving out in search of food and space. Meanwhile, the increasing human population needs more of the natural resources available, and that competition creates conflict," said Mr Acharya.
Most of Nepal's national parks and protected areas are either in the Himalayan region or in the Tarai area, the southern plain land that border India.
Yet, wildlife-related loss of lives and properties are also increasingly being seen in the mid-hill region, geographically located between the Himalayas and Tarai plain land.
Conservationists point at the growing number of attacks on children and livestock by common leopards because this region has seen huge success in community forestry.
"We have been hearing complaints from farmers that community forests have more wildlife than in some national parks and therefore they are suffering losses of lives and properties," said Yam Bahadur Malla, country director for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in Nepal.
He also suggested it was necessary to scientifically demarcate the boundaries of national parks, as some species involved in the attacks were sometimes found outside the existing boundaries.
Forest ministry officials, however, said the chances of expanding existing protected areas were very slim because Nepal had already made huge swathes of land available for nature conservation.
Mr Acharya said the details of plans to limit wildlife growth were yet to be worked out but he added that one of the ideas would be to relocate some of the wildlife species.
"We have listed nine such species that can be trans-located from where there are quite many of them to where there are very few and such species include animals involved in conflicts with humans," he said.
Mr Acharya also hinted that Nepal will now not commit to protect more wildlife than the amount its protected areas could sustain.
"For instance, we have said we will double the number of tigers to 250. But as we cannot expand our protected areas, we will not be able to commit more than that," he said.
"Nor can we add new conservation areas."
An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook announced that he is gay. The 6ft-high statue had been put up outside a college in St Petersburg in January 2013 by a Russian group of companies called West European Financial Union (ZEFS) to honour Jobs. However, in a statement on Monday, ZEFS said they had to abide by a law combating 'gay propaganda' and that the memorial had been removed. Scroll down for video . Removed: An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook (right) announced that he was gay . The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company,  publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay. 'In Russia, gay propaganda and other sexual perversions . among minors are prohibited by law,' ZEFS said, noting that the . memorial had been 'in an area of direct access for young . students and scholars'. 'After Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly called for sodomy, the . monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law . protecting children from information promoting denial of . traditional family values.' Dismantled: The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay . Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law prohibiting what he called the spread of 'gay propaganda' among minors, and promoting 'traditional values'. Putin claims gay people in Russia are not discriminated against, and the law was needed only to protect young people. However, members of the gay community say the law has led to increased problems for them. The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February. Anger: The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February . Cook said he had decided to come out to help move forward . civil rights, confirming a fact that had been widely known in . the Silicon Valley tech community but was rarely discussed. Vitaly Milonov, a St Petersburg lawyer and campaigner against gay rights was among those behind the new law and, according to Russian media, has called for Cook to be banned from visiting Russia. ZEFS companies offer a range of products and services in areas such as real estate, construction, advertising and micro-financing. ZEFS head Maxim Dolgopolov, who ordered the removal . of the monument, expressed opposition to personal sanctions in . Monday's statement, but supported the 'protection of traditional . values' by law. 'Sin should not become the norm. There is nothing to do in . Russia for whose who intend to violate our laws,' he said.
In 2004, Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War, and the conservative Bush didn't. Rather than avoid the topic, Bush supporters came up with the notorious "Swift Boat" campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry's war record to negate a major strength. Such "attack the strength" tactics have been a staple of this year's presidential race, with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other. The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement: the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The premise is simple: In a political environment where perception often trumps policy, mount early challenges to your opponent's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters. For example, the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney's successful business career, portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs. The purpose was to blunt Romney's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy, the most important issue to voters. Meanwhile, Romney's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare, the popular health care program for senior citizens. By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week, Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan's proposal to partially privatize Medicare, so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $700 billion out of the government-run system. Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue, according to independent assessments. Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney's company, Bain Capital, occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999. On Medicare, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits, as alleged by the Romney campaign. PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign's claim as "mostly false." To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp's maneuver on Medicare was "a brilliant move." "They are going to be attacked on it anyway. They have 'jujitsued' this," Bonjean told CNN on Friday, adding: "It's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now, which I think they are being very effective at." Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part. A video spot by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC backing Obama, sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital. The ad, which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast, was rated "false" by PolitiFact. Now, a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown. A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states, but refused to discuss donors. Over a picture of Obama, the video's narrator says that the group's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit. The organization, which describes itself as nonpartisan, shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria, Virginia. Its spokesman, Chad Kolton, worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, and its president ran for Congress as a Republican. To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution, the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry's war record. "Obama's strong suit actually is on national security," said West, the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings. "He's the guy who got bin Laden, and that's been a central claim of his campaign. So there's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit." The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled, and the head of special operations, Adm. William  McRaven, recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit. "Make no mistake about it: It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation, that made the hard decisions," McRaven said. Like other top officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations. The White House has denied leaking classified information, and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations. Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch, and they call for an independent investigation. The "attack the strength" tactic is nothing new, but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove, who guided Bush's two presidential campaigns . "Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives don't do, and it's really an element of why he's a unique figure in American political life," journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "Karl Rove: The Architect." "He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that, Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent." That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry, said Slater, co-author of the book "Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential." "The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam," Slater said in the PBS documentary, "and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry, not his weakness." Others clearly  took notice. In attacking Romney's background at Bain Capital, the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign. Gingrich's criticism that Romney's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans. In response, Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee.
Google's Ad Preferences page shows you the profile Google has built up of your interests - based on information gleaned from your visits to site's within Google's advertising network . IT has been said that Google knows more about what you like than your own partner . Now the search giant has given a glimpse on just how much information it has collected - and who thinks you are. But it seems the famed Google algorithms are far from infallible. And people taking advantage of the facility that allows the public to view what kind of consumer Google thinks they are have been amused to find themselves listed with the wrong age and even sex. Nevertheless, the knowledge that Google works so hard to profile its 350m account holders is bound to intensify the debate about privacy which flared up again this week with the announcement that the company was going to start tracking users across all of its sites, including YouTube. The detailed personal 'profile' sums up many of a user's interests, along with age and gender. Google builds a detailed profile by harvesting the history of its account holders' visits to sites in its advertising network. But your age and gender are decided by those of other Google users who have visited the sites you visit, leading to the mistakes. 25 years out and the wrong gender. HmmmmPenny, LondonThis says I'm 65+ and male... last time I checked I was 42 and female!Lu, Madrid, SpainIt seems I've aged 20 years because I like home, gardening and cats. I may well turn into the mad cat lady in 20 years, but I'm not there yet! Sharon, Herts . One blogger from tech site Mashable found this week that Google's Ad Preferences page assume that she was middle-aged - and a man, simply because her interests included technology and computing. The profile page, called Ad Preferences, is hidden away inside a settings menu in Google Accounts, but can be accessed directly here. This sort of in-depth profiling raises alarm bells with privacy activists. 'Consumers have increasingly digital lives and they are developing an unfathomably large data trail every day,' says Rainey Reitman, activism director for privacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. 'There has never been another time in history where privacy was under the kind of assault it is today.' You can opt out of the tracking, or manually edit your details. Google also  does not store information on controversial subjects such as pornography. The Ad preferences page came to public attention following a sweeping change to 'privacy policy' which comes into effect on March 1, although the preferences page was launched some time ago. YouTube data, Gmail information and search data will all be used to build up ever more accurate advertising profiles and also the company claims it will make searches more personalised. The Mashable writer's interests meant that Google Ad Preferences identified her, wrongly, as being both middle-aged and a man . In most cases, though, the data is eerily accurate, bringing up a breakdown of interests, age and sex. The Advertising Preferences information that Google gathers . is sent out as a 'cookie' - a packet of information sent out by your . browser - whenever you visit other Google partners, who then serve up 'relevant' adverts when you visit their sites. Users who are fearful of the amount of information Google holds can block the profiling by disabling 'cookies' in their internet browser settings. Google says, 'We associate interests with your ads preferences based on the types of websites that you visit within the the Google Display Network.' 'For example, when you browse many gardening-related websites in the the Google Display Network, Google may associate a gardening preference with your cookie.' 'If the sites that you visit have a majority of female visitors, we may associate your cookie with the female demographic category.' Some users reported that Google had identified bizarre interests such as 'Sweets and Candy', and was duly serving them adverts appropriate to that 'interest'. You can manually change your 'interests' from your Ad Preferences page - although you cannot, of course, stop Google from sending you adverts.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking, few Western countries can compete with Britain. One of the world's prime financial centers, the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking. The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. With 23 banks, nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City, by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $22 billion. The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $531 billion. Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking, catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims. In 2004, the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB) opened its doors for the first time, becoming the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. A number of Britain's "big five" high street banks are getting in on the act. Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking, including mortgages, current accounts and trust funds for children. In the retail market, Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products. In the United States, only regional banks like University Bank, Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products. Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector. "In France, Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage. They are where we were three or four years ago," Sultan Choudhury, the IBB's director of sales told the Financial Times. British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims, but it is the British government's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world. Junaid Bhatti, who was involved with the setup of the IBB, told CNN: "Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking." The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent. Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth. Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN: "Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment. We're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK." Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches. Services include an Islamic current account, mortgage and child trust fund. Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain, with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $1.7 billion in 2007. But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem. Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks, equating it with "terrorist finance." "There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic," said Abdi Shayesteh, an attorney at law firm King and Spalding, which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s. "The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s," Shayesteh told CNN. With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout (and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services), Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market. "We have at least 3.6 million [potential customers] at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into," he explained. Even so, with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another, which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities, and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products, the market remains unexploited for now. E-mail to a friend .
By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 06:43 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:28 EST, 1 March 2013 . Elderly people who have difficulty remembering their way home could benefit from a new Android-powered walking stick with built in sat-nav. Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature. Concerned family members can also follow the smart cane's location online and receive email alerts of the device suspects its user may have fallen over. No more getting lost on the way back from bingo... Fujitsu showcased this sat-nav equipped walking stick aimed at the elderly and disabled at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona . The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take. As yet it cannot be merely queried for directions like a more typical GPS device like the ones in cars and on smartphones. Japan-based Fujitsu showcased the prototype device, which looks a little like an upside down golf club, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Pocket-lint reported. Technology for the elderly is a key concern in Fujitsu's home market, where more than 20 per cent of people are over 65 - the highest proportion of senior citizens of any country in the world. The smart cane comes equipped with various connection technologies, including GPS, 3G and WiFi, that allow it to find its way and send back information to the computer it is synced with. Technology for the older generation: Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature . Clear and easy to read: Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn . Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn. A carer using the host computer can see the location of the stick, as well as additional data about the user, such as heart rate, measured by a thumb pad on the handle, and how many times the cane is tapped on the ground. If there are any problems detected, the gadget can automatically alert the emergency services and guide them to its location, the BBC reported. Sync: The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take . Alongside the cane, Fujitsu also showed off its new smartphone designed for the 'mature customer, dubbed the Stylistic. It runs on a modified version of Google's Android OS which is designed to be easy to use for people who are not familiar with mobile technology, and can even change the frequency of audio to make calls easier for older ears to hear. The Stylistic will launch in Europe from June, beginning with France. There is no planned release date for the Next Generation Cane, but AllThingsD reports that Fujitsu had been impressed by the interest it received at the MWC and would bring it to market soon.
Their faces are etched with deep lines that reveal lives lived in hardship. Their expressions captured by UK-based artist and photographer Lee Jeffries, who strives to reveal the human face of addiction, the reality of homelessness and the real face of poverty through his work. Travelling the globe Mr Jeffries, who is a full-time accountant, has sought to capture the faces of those people shunned by society. His latest project took him to Miami in Florida. There he met Margo Stevens, a former porn star resigned to living on the streets of the Overtown district. Photographer Lee Jeffries has made it his mission in life to give a human face to poverty, addiction and homelessness. For his latest project he spent two weeks in Miami, where he met former porn star Margo Stevens (pictured) Ms Stevens (right) was a successful adult film star in the 1990s, living a comfortable life from the money she made, supplement by working as an escort. Today she lives on the streets of the Overtown district of Miami, in an abandoned garage with five other girls, who sell their bodies for sex to feed their drug addictions . In two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals Ms Stevens to be a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Pictured is a woman called Trish, who works on the streets using the name 'Snow' 'Her story is stark,' Jeffries told MailOnline. 'She is a beautiful person, whose story is both fascinating and tragic. 'She's been exploited her whole life, but still she remains incredibly human. 'Margo was a well-known porn star in the 1990s, she lived the life back then. But her fall to life now hit me hard.' Jeffries said he found Ms Stevens sleeping in an abandoned garage, meausring 12ft by 6ft, with five other girls. Most are addicted to heroin, and all live off the money they make as sex workers. He spent two weeks with Ms Stevens learning about the fate which befell her. After stripping in clubs in Cleveland for a living as a young woman, she fell into working in the adult film industry becoming an escort. For years she lived comfortably from the earnings she made. But eventually life dealt her a cruel hand. Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. Sex worker Trish is pictured without the wig she wears, when she assumes her alter ego Snow (picture above) Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers stories of survival, women driven to selling their bodies as a means of feeding their addiction struggling through life with nowhere else to turn. Pictured is Brittany . The girls in Overtown survive. Labelled "crack whores" some will use their bodies to get the next $10 fix and are often treated worse than stray dogs by the men there. Jeffries said: 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out.' A devastating spiral of homelessness, drug addiction and prostitution ensued. But in two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers a story of survival, a story of a woman driven to sell her body as a means of feeding her addiction with nowhere else to turn. 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. 'She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. 'She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out. 'But she is a human being, she looks out for other people. She is so much more than the drugs and the prostitution, the labels. She cares for the younger girls she stays with, often to the detriment of herself.' Jeffries hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. Pictured is Latoria . Ms Stevens is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. Pictured is Latoria . Of his work, Jeffries said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do' Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. In an interview filmed by Jeffries, Ms Stevens reveals her starting rate in the industry was $500 and the contracts she signed were such that she made no money off the continued reproduction of her performances. 'A lot of people in the industry are quite slimy,' she said. 'They do a lot of exploiting. There are a lot of things about the adult industry that need to change.' Addressing the financial exploitation, she adds: 'It makes me feel a fool. I'm responsible for that. I let that happen.' But when asked by Jeffries if she regrets her path in life, Ms Stevens tells the camera, 'no'. 'Not at all,' she said. It is a brave and honest answer, one which garners Jeffries' respect and admiration. Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page. Homeless man John is often spotted on Lincoln in South Beach making flowers out of palm leaves for tourists . An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity . Jeffries' work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Pictured is Smoke, he has been shot three times, once in the face a few years ago . He hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. For she is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. He said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do.' Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page, see below. An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity. His work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Another of Jeffries subjects is Cowboy, who sleeps rough on the streets of Overtown .
Bernard Gavrin, from Brooklyn, New York, who will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia this month, 70 years after he went missing during the Second World War . An American soldier will finally be buried with full military honours, 70 years after he went missing in action during the Second World War. The Department of Defense has confirmed that Army Private Bernard Gavrin from Brooklyn, New York, will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery after his remains were discovered only last year. According to the Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, Private Gavrin was just 29 when he was reported missing on July 7, 1944. His regiment has been in Saipan, Japan, in the Northern Mariana Islands of the western Pacific Ocean and came under heavy attack, suffering many casualties. Mr Gavrin was declared dead in July 1945 and by 1948, his remains were deemed non-recoverable. However, in recent years, excavations in Saipan by a Japanese non-profit group have turned up the remains of several American and Japanese soldiers from the Second World War. Last year the remains and personal items from American soldiers were uncovered and were handed over to the American government for testing. It then emerged that the remains of Mr Gavrin were among them after they were tested using a family member's DNA. Mr Gavrin's 82-year-old nephew David Rogers, of Delray Beach, Florida, said he was planning to be at the burial in the cemetery on September 12. He said it was 'absolutely incredible and unbelievable to all of us' that Gavrin would be laid to rest in 'the most honorable place you could be buried in this country.' Mr Rogers, whose mother was Gavrin's sister, said the private was the youngest of three children and had enlisted in 1940. He said the last time he saw his uncle was when he was eight-years-old and his uncle came to visit. Mr Rogers had injured himself, requiring stitches, and Mr Gavrin went to his bedroom. Mr Gavrin will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia on September 12 . 'He awakened me and kissed me on the forehead,' Rogers said. He also recalled how the loss of his uncle was shattering and said that when the telegram came to inform the family he was missing, that his grandmother, Mr Gavrin's mother, opened it. He added: 'She let out a scream that lives with me to this day.'
The RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains.
Labour urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate.
Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution.
The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas.
Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations.
"The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation."
The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system.
But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers.
A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "Everyone wants to see an end to these strikes, Scotland's rail passengers most of all.
"The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have engaged with both sides throughout to find a solution, which we still believe lies in meaningful discussion.
"To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all.
"The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers."
Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend.
Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow, Cumbria, in December 2012.
In January, a judge ruled she had been sexually assaulted by her father, Paul Worthington, who denies any wrongdoing.
He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in August 2013.
Reaction to the CPS announcement
Key dates in Poppi Worthington case
A CPS spokesman said: "The CPS has looked at the original decision in this case that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction - as we often do in other cases.
"We have reached the same conclusion."
In a statement released following the announcement, Poppi's mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she was "desperate" to understand more about the police investigation and the events leading up to her daughter's death.
Speaking on her behalf, solicitor Fiona McGhie, said: "She is angry and disappointed with the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service and wishes to be given time and space at this difficult time as we approach the inquest."
Cumbria Police, which is being investigated by the police watchdog, has been criticised over its investigation into the death, after it emerged officers failed to preserve vital items for forensic analysis.
Chief Constable Jerry Graham said the force "deeply regrets" the way the case was handled.
In January, Mr Justice Peter Jackson's ruling was made as part of care proceedings in the family court involving Poppi's siblings.
He concluded the force carried out no "real" investigation into the death of the toddler for nine months, and highlighted a list of basic errors in evidence-gathering.
Speaking after the CPS announced its decision, Mr Graham said the investigation had fallen "below standard".
He said: "I would like to make a full and heartfelt apology to Poppi's family and all those who loved her."
He said the main failings were not preserving potentially relevant evidence from Poppi's home and the length of time it took to interview family and key witnesses.
He also said forensic analysis was not carried out quickly enough and accurate records were not kept.
Prosecutors originally decided there was insufficient evidence "to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", but in January the CPS said it was reviewing the case.
Cumbria police and crime commissioner Peter McCall said: "I am disappointed that despite a re-investigation no criminal charges will be brought.
"The constabulary has let Poppi down as no-one has been brought to justice for her tragic death."
Barrow Labour MP John Woodcock said he was "bitterly disappointed" at the CPS decision and that Cumbria Police's mistakes had "thwarted the chance of ever getting justice for Poppi's death".
A second inquest into the toddler's death is due to take place in the autumn.
Sicily, Italy (CNN) -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean, scouring the blue seas below for signs of life. The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex, the European Union's border patrol agency. Its mission isn't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent's southern shores -- it's to save lives. The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily, including the area around Lampedusa, an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats. In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores, and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again. INFOGRAPHIC: How illegal immigrants enter the EU . The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight. Human trafficking in the region is big business, and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers. "On the missions, every week we find three or four targets of interest," the aircraft's captain told CNN. "The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex [give us the coordinates for] ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex." Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe. Often those vessels will be old, rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey. In some cases, sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well. On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat, which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe. OPINION: Europe's immigration nightmare just beginning . The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances. The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board, but they're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck. Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent. An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe, and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board. Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy, Greece or Malta. The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones, with over 400 people living on site. OPINION: EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize . One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria. He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued. "There was no food, [there was] excrement inside the boat. People were vomiting inside the boat, we were vomiting everywhere. It was horrible," he told CNN. Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again, he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe. Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo, one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe. He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea. Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean. "The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood. God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close," he said. But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances. That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd, when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic. OPINION: What's the place of outsiders in Europe? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans. At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank, but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship. He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck. "Some of us had parents or wives or children on there, we were part of that group. But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay," he told CNN. Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge, even though he cannot put numbers on it. He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months, but this year there has been no let-up. He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea, but also to the growing despair in places like Syria, Eritrea, and Nigeria, where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram. It does not look like those waves will stop. Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders, they might be able to contain migration for a while, but they will never be able to stop it.
Otsuchi, Japan (CNN) -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan's tsunami survivors. The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions. She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami; a hotel that had been in her family for generations. She was determined not to let the disaster break her. But after the elation of finding her son alive, the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade. She was in turmoil. She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her, if not more. They were "ganbaru," she recalls -- enduring, holding on, withstanding, and living with the pain. She couldn't be the only one to lose control. "I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone," she says, six months on from that terrible day. "I didn't know what to do from then on. I became tormented." That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair. It's a familiar story in Otsuchi, northeastern Japan, where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble. Today, much of that physical debris has been cleared away. But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove, as the mental scars from that day linger months later. In Ogawa's case, depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa, a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center. Morikawa became the difference between life and death. She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor hadn't been there for her. "I was so moved by her approach to life," recalls Morikawa. "She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much, but she also desperately wanted to get over that. I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation. I just helped her a little." Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are growing among mental health specialists working in the region. PTSD in particular, a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed, can show up months after the initial shock. Suicide is also a major concern in Japan. According to the World Health Organization, Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world. More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year, according to the country's national police agency, with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems. Mariko Ukiyo, a psychologist and volunteer counselor, is part of a therapy group called "Team Japan 300." She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides. According to Ukiyo, loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing. "It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life," she says. "The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens, you lose all hope for the future. I think this period is when they need help the most." But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan, a country with limited experience in mental health care historically. Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced. According to Ukiyo, the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak. Ukiyo's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere. This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants, observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress. The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems. But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region's future with trauma. "We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami," she says. She believes suicide rates will only increase. Meanwhile, Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim. She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future. She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her. While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa, he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region. "Now that I have met these people, I have grown attached to them," he says. "It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here. I can't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to."
Former Prime Minister John Howard has been allowed to go home after being rushed to hospital with heart problems earlier this week. The 75-year-old was taken to the emergency department at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital on Monday. He had been playing a round of golf when he suddenly felt tightness in his chest, the ABC reports. Former Prime Minister John Howard was released from hospital on Friday after feeling a tightness in his chest . Mr Howard had two stents inserted at North Shore Private after two blockages were found in his arteries. He did not suffer a heart attack, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The former MP is now recovering at home after being discharged on Friday. A spokesperson said he would be back in his office by next week. He was rushed to Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital in the middle of a golf game and had two stents inserted .
(EW.com) -- This week's episode of "How I Met Your Mother" featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker. After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress, a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter. Tear up? Join the club. But would you have guessed that the moment wasn't even part of the greater plan for the season? "We had a week of treading water, to be honest," says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays. "We have the arc of the season going, but this was one week where there wasn't one, specific big event happening. We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward." So, he says, they took a "step back," and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series. "We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons," he jokes. Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we've been with the gang. But as Bays sees it, it's also a great reminder of where we're going -- without giving everything away. Yes, he admits, they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we wouldn't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now. "He's so good at making that look natural," he says, laughing. "He's a magician; he's good with his hands. He knows what he's doing" But does Barney? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man. To be fair, Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track. But after just a few episodes of courting, they're living together...and liking it! Is it all too fast? Bays doesn't think so. "I think Barney is in love. At a certain age, you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most," he says. "And I think that's Quinn right now for Barney." The best way to show that, he says, was to break barriers -- by breaking wind. "We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years, and we did pretty well without it. And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away: You're going to be embarrassed that you're doing it at the table read, and you know that in the final cut, it's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh," he says. "And it's not 'Blazing Saddles' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans â€” it's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship. It's a big relationship moment." So where do they go from here? For one, Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly, he says, and next week, we'll see more from Robin (Colbie Smulders) than we did in this episode. "Robin, there is some excitement in her life coming up, especially next week's episode," he says. When we pick up, Robin and Ted still aren't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship. "We went for the reality of those situations," he says. "I feel like on this show we've gone as far as we can go where it's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out, with these big thing happen to them that don't really change things. Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted's in love with her, and she's not in love with him. It's complicated." But, not to worry, he says. "I feel like [there's] a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close." See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
By . Dave Wood . Luis Suarez has little to smile about following his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini but fans were queuing up to have a laugh at his expense. A poster featuring the Uruguay striker baring his teeth became a major attraction on Copacabana Beach in Rio as it provided the perfect backdrop for a photo opportunity. FIFA announced on Thursday that Suarez was suspended from all football-related activity until the end of October and he would miss Uruguay's next nine internationals. The news was relayed to commuters over the travel message boards on London Underground. VIDEO Scroll down for hilarious Suarez gif depicts the the Uruguay striker as Jaws . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . It didn't take long for Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Chiellini to viral - although perhaps people were expecting it. Within . moments of the Uruguay striker appearing to sink his teeth into . Chiellini's shoulder fans were scanning the net for photos and video . clips of the incident. And quick-thinking internet wizzes were putting together their best efforts to create viral jokes soon after. On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On the ball: The news broke just before the busy evening rush hour . Viral: This was tweeted supposedly depicting Luis Suarez as a child with a Hannibal mask on . Solid gold: Suarez picked up another award after a great season, according to some on Twitter . Yummy: Snickers' Twitter account got in on the act by publishing this viral with #luissuarez . Starving: Suarez's head has been added to the game Hungry Hippos as well . He's got my arm! Suarez (right) is depicted as having taken off Chiellini's arm with his bite . They've got him! Suarez depitced being captured like a dog following his biting incident . There's something in the water... Suarez is depicted as Jaws in this viral . Jokes: At least some could see the funny side of Suarez's actions - including some edited Panini stickers . Chez Suarez: Which other footballers could be on the menu? Biter: @SBNation cast Suarez as blood-sucking vampire Dracula after he appeared to aim a bite at Chiellini . Reaction: Hilarious vine depicting what Chiellini's response to the Suarez incident would be . An Argentinian twitter user was subjected to abuse on the social media site as fans confused him for Luis Suarez. Diego . Suarez, whose twitter handle is @Suarez, received so many vile tweets . that he said he was considering closing his account down. 'Please . stop I am not Uruguayan, I am not Luis Suarez' the unfortunate . Argentinian tweeted. 'I am not Luis Suarez, there are many Suarez in the . world'. Chiellini was subject to a shocking attack by Liverpool forward Suarez, who sunk . his teeth into his opponent just before Diego Godin's matchwinner in Uruguay's 1-0 win. It . wasn't the first time that the Uruguayan has sunk his teeth into an . opponent. Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and PSV Eindhoven's Otman Bakkal . were previous victims in 2013 and 2010 respectively. Christmas stocking filler: The Suarez bottle opener would probably be a best-seller if it was real . Spot the difference: Luis Suarez sinks his teeth into Branislav Ivanovic . Doubled up: And then of course there was another Suarez heat-map, this time showing his impact on Chiellini . Better option: Chicken chain Nando's were one of the first to reach out to the Uruguay striker with other options . Fancy an Italian? And Bella Italia were quick to follow up with an offer at one of their 90 UK restaurants . Proof: Some even joked about FIFA's overused goal line technology that has been noted during the tournament . How many times: Suarez's previous misdemeanors had not gone unnoticed by football fans online . Sniggers: Was Suarez's bite because he hadn't eaten before kick-off in the Group D decider? Bite over bark: Suarez has been likened to Jaws before and again he is proving it's not safe to be around him . VIDEO Suarez in another biting storm .
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:47 EST, 22 July 2013 . Children born in Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle and New York, a fascinating new study has shown. Top economists at Harvard and University of California, Berkeley analyzed millions of anonymous earnings records to compare income mobility across metropolitan areas - and the results are surprising. Living in an area with higher average incomes, larger tax credits for the poor or more local colleges does not necessarily improve the chances of someone rising beyond the station of their birth. But four broad factors did appear to have an affect, researchers pointed out, and they included the size and dispersion of the local middle class. The city where you live: The interesting study found the odds of rising to another income level are notably lower in certain cities, like Atlanta, and much higher in places like New York . If all else was equal, Americans living in cities with poor families more dispersed among mixed-income neighborhoods are more likely to climb the income ladder. Children growing up in areas with more two-parent households, better elementary schools and high schools, and more civic engagement, including membership in religious and community groups, were also more able to pull themselves out of poverty and up the income scale. 'Where you grow up matters,' Nathaniel Hendren, a Harvard economist and one of the study’s authors, told The New York Times. 'There is tremendous variation across the U.S. in the extent to which kids can rise out of poverty.' Atlanta: Children born in Atlanta, pictured, are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in other cities . Where you lived matters less for well-off children than for middle-class and poor children, the researchers found. The chances that wealthy children grow up to be wealthy are broadly similar across all cities it appears. Metropolitan areas with larger black . populations had lower upward-mobility rates, but the researchers . believed this was not primarily because of their race. For example, both . white and black residents of Atlanta have low upward mobility, The . Times reported. Interestingly . Atlanta and Seatle have a similar average income, yet the difference . between upward mobility rates in the two cities are stark. On . average, fairly poor children in Seattle — those who grew up in the . 25th percentile of the national income distribution — do as well . financially when they grow up as middle-class children — those who grew . up at the 50th percentile — from Atlanta, according to The Times. Moving up the ladder: The study found children living in parts of California and the Northeast were far more likely to climb the income ladder than areas with the same average income in other parts of the country . Yet, children who moved from a city with poor rates of income mobility to a city with higher mobility rates at a young age were found to do almost as well at climbing the income ladder as kids who lived their whole lives in the latter region. If they moved as teenagers, however, they did less well, suggesting the characteristics of different regions rather than something inherent and unchangeable in the residents is responsible. The researchers pointed out that their data allowed them to identify only correlations not the causes for the intriguing patterns they discovered.
The two pieces of debris were found separately by members of the public and were flown to Australia for analysis.
Darren Chester said the finds were "consistent with drift modelling" of how debris from the missing plane may have been carried by ocean currents.
MH370 vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board.
It was flying from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and is widely believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean after veering off course.
The fate of the plane, its passengers and crew remains one of aviation's biggest unsolved mysteries.
The only confirmed piece of debris found so far has been a section of wing called a flaperon, which was found on the Indian Ocean island of Reunion.
One of the parts retrieved in Mozambique was found on a sandbank by an amateur US investigator in late February and the other in December by a South African tourist.
Mr Chester said the investigation team had finished examining the debris and found both were "consistent with panels from a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft".
"The analysis has concluded the debris is almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement.
He said it showed that the vast deep-sea search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean, being led by Australia, was focusing on the right place.
The search, also involving experts from China and Malaysia, is scanning the sea floor, much of it previously unmapped, in the hope of locating the wreckage.
Mr Chester said it would continue for now, with 25,000 sq km (10,000 sq miles) of ocean still be to searched.
"We are focused on completing this task and remain hopeful the aircraft will be found."
But the three countries have said that barring significant new evidence, they will end the operation once the area has been fully searched. The search is expected to be completed in the coming months.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
About 30 people had been living in tents on St Peter's Square, outside the Central Library, since 15 April.
Manchester City Council had been issued a warrant to close the camp, with campaigners losing an appeal.
The demonstrators have now set up another settlement about half a mile away, in St Anne's Square.
Police and bailiffs arrived at about 08:00 BST to break up the St Peter's Square camp.
Some protesters packed up their tents and equipment and left the area peacefully, but others resisted.
Campaigners said they wanted to highlight a crisis in temporary housing and the plight of homeless people.
The council said some demonstrators had been behaving "entirely inappropriately" in a public area.
Deputy Leader of Manchester City Council Bernard Priest said: "While it is entirely legitimate to raise concerns about homelessness, there have been issues with offensive graffiti and other forms of vandalism, fighting, public urination, street drinking, litter and loud music being played.
"The camp has now cost the council and Greater Manchester Police more than Â£88,000 in additional policing, security and legal costs. In the current climate, this is not an extra cost any public body can shoulder lightly.
"Over the last month, our homelessness service has provided support and advice to more than 20 members of the camp - as they work regularly with other homeless people across the city - and officers were present prior to and during the eviction to provide accommodation to anyone willing to accept it."
(CNN)  -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore. Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons, and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11. Despite the close ties -- "she called me mommy and she was my daughter" -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore's marriage to Ryan Jenkins. The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas, Nevada, wedding. An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins, a reality TV contestant. Authorities believe he's fled to Canada. Fiore's body was found Saturday, stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County, California. Interviewed from San Francisco, California, Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore. "She didn't tell me that she married him. She told me [about] the day that they met, which was St. Patrick's Day," Beauregard said. "She called me the day after and she said: 'Mommy, I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan.' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was. And that was all I knew." Beauregard told King she's never met Ryan Jenkins. Mike Fleeman, the West Coast editor of People.com, described more details of Fiore's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King. "They met in Las Vegas. Two days later [in March], they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel. That's, of course, where Britney Spears got married," Fleeman told King. "It was a quickie wedding. We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding. One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel. A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married. They kept it under wraps. And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning," Fleeman said. Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December. Beauregard told King that Fiore, who was 28 when she died, started modeling in her early 20s. Despite their deep bond, Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother, Lisa Lepore. "She was close to her mother, as well, but it was a different type of closeness." Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed. Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation. "It was very clear from the very beginning, when they found her body in a piece of luggage, that we weren't dealing with a serial killer. I knew it was somebody who knew her and [that her killer] wanted to make sure that she was not identified," Brown said. "This is why he [the suspect[ ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth. He even got smart. He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID, took away her clothes, put her in the luggage, probably because it's one way to get her of an apartment. And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it, she'll decompose, they'll never be able to identify her," Brown said. Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "Megan Wants a Millionaire" and "I Love Money 3." "This is a very arrogant man," Brown said. "Megan said it right on the show. She said he's a manipulator. He is. He has evidence of psychopathy there." The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore's circle of friends hard. "Ryan Jenkins is an animal," said Robert Hasman, a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years.  Watch Hasman speak out » . "What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable. It's just not right." He described her as "a beautiful person who was a very caring individual." Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "Larry King Live" that Jenkins is the only suspect. "There is no indication that anybody else might be involved," he said. "We believe he's armed because there's a handgun missing from his apartment, which is the last place he was before ... he fled. So it appears that he's armed. And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.
Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury, ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video, which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig, analysts said Sunday. And if there's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig, it's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group, also known by the acronym ISIL, said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation, an anti-extremist think tank. "As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL, we will find that they try and show that they are still strong, try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been, and unfortunately one of the things we'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric," he said. "I think it's a sign of desperation," he said. "I think it's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack, they're under siege and they're struggling." The video, released online Sunday, shows the aftermath of a beheading, in which the victim is not clearly recognizable. The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig. Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam in captivity, also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig. He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker, feeling compelled to help victims of war. The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government, which is also battling ISIS forces. "It can't be said enough," said CNN's Nic Robertson. "This is the most barbaric they've done so far." The carefully produced video is clearly "a prize piece of propaganda for them," Robertson says. It also differs from others produced by ISIS. It doesn't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death. Nor does it name the group's next victim. It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS' orders when it comes calling, said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini, a counterterrorism expert. "What ISIS is telling them is, 'When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you, you know what the consequences are if you say no,'" Ruffini said. But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide, said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "Spider" Marks. Has ISIS peaked? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq . It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey. "Clearly there are no coincidences," Marks told CNN on Sunday. "This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and, I would say, the results of those activities." Since beginning airstrikes in August, U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics, slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations. Last week, President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters. More recently, U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight. In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Dempsey said commanders are "certainly considering" the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul, currently held by ISIS. In Sunday's video, the narrator taunted Obama to do just that. Hostages tortured before beheadings .
By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has risked his own life to save a little boy from suffocating after he was left dangling from a building with his head trapped in a window grid. Neighbour Zhou Bo went outside of his own property after hearing a commotion in the street in Lingwu, Ningxia, China. It was then he spotted the young boy dangling from a fourth-storey window with his head wedged between metal bars. Helping hand: Zhou Bo went to the aid of a young boy left dangling from a fourth-storey window after getting his head stuck in a grid in Lingwu, Ningxia, China . Dangerous: Zhou Bo managed to prevent the boy from suffocating by holding him up by his feet while also balancing on stool perched on a window sill . He said: 'I went there, and saw a boy dangling in the air, as his head was stuck in between the window grid.' Zhou could see that the boy was suffocating as his feet had nothing to stand on. He dashed inside and raced up to the flat but found the door locked. He then went one floor below but discovered that the gap between that window and the dangling boy was too great. Zhou said: 'Without help, the boy would be suffocated soon, or he has the danger of dropping down'. So Zhou found a chair and balanced it precariously on the third-storey window ledge before standing on it and supporting the trapped boy's feet from underneath. 'I felt time froze, and my arms went numb but firemen still didn't arrive,' said Zhou. Finally, firefighters arrived 40 minutes later and were able to break into the apartment and pull the boy, who had been left home alone, to safety. Waiting game: Zhou Bo had to hold the position for 40 minutes until firefighters arrived at the scene . Safe and sound: The young boy pictured with his mother after being released from the window grid .
By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 29 November 2013 . He's often lauded as one of the world's most sexiest men - but David Beckham has revealed a distinctly un-sexy memory. The retired footballer has confessed to performing a sex act on himself while looking at calendar of Welsh footballer Clayton Blackmore as part of his initiation into Manchester United's youth team. The 38-year-old recalled how his Class of '92 teammates forced him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at eighties Reds legend Clayton Blackmore. Scroll down for video . Beckham's teammates required him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at a Clayton Blackmore calendar . Beckham revealed he had to look at Clayton Blackmore's calendar and do certain things to himself . The midfielder said he got the short-straw with his humiliation, revealing to the Metro: ‘One of mine was surprising! The Clayton Blackmore!’ Recalling his teen horror, he said: ‘Everyone had an initiation that you had to go through on the youth team, that was one of the most uncomfortable ones!’ 'The fact that I had to look at Clayton Blackmore’s calendar and do certain things, while looking at Clayton Blackmore…’ Forced to recall the humiliating ceremony on camera for a documentary on his former team, called 'The Class of '92', he said: ‘I was embarrassed when I was saying it on camera let alone talking about it more. But it’s something that we all had to go through. It was definitely something I wouldn’t like to go through again!' High jinks: Beckham joined the Manchester United Youth Team in 1992 and became firm friends with the other players . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates . Suppressing the memories: Becks said he got the short-straw with his humiliation . David Beckham, who has four children with wife Victoria, says he would rather forget the ritual . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates. His confession follows a series of revelations,including that Sir Alex Ferguson was . like 'the godfather' of Manchester United because of his totalitarian . approach to managing the club. He described the Reds' most-decorated manager as the 'godfather - and not in a good way,' to BBC Breakfast. 'Not in a bad way [either] but we were all very scared of him.' The former United midfielder admitted that players were 'scared' of the patriarch, renowned for his sharp Scottish tongue. The 38-year-old, who retired at the end of last season, also said he blew his first big pay packet on a flashy BMW. 'My first thing that I spent money on was a BMW. That was my first cheque from Adidas, and I just blew the whole thing in one go,' Beckham told the Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Absolute Radio. 'We started getting a little bit more money than we were in the youth team, you know, I went and blew it. I was still living in digs at the time, and I literally blew all my money on a BMW.'
America

 Staffers Walk Out Of Congress In Protest Over Brown And Garner Cases

 i itoggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images

 Dozens of congressional staff members walked out of the Capitol at 3:30 p.m. ET Thursday, in a show of support for protesters angered by recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

 Wearing suits, ties and overcoats, the staffers stood several rows deep on the steps of Capitol Hill before making the hands-up gesture that has come to symbolize frustration with the deaths of the two unarmed black men at the hands of police. They stood silently with their arms raised for a moment before disbanding and walking down the steps.

 While the event was spearheaded by the Congressional Black Associates, it also drew other staff members, including the Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association, according to CNN.

 A few members of Congress came out to the steps, including Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas. The short event included a prayer from U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black.

 The protest comes a week after Rep. Marcia L. Fudge, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said she was "deeply disappointed" by a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to level charges in the Garner case.

 Noting that the decision was similar to another jury's findings in Ferguson, Mo., Fudge wrote:

 "In the span of two weeks, this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear: there will be no accountability for taking Black lives. As an American, it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all." ||||| Story highlights Congressional staffers are planning to walk off their jobs Thursday at 3:30 p.m.

 Staffers said they are showing solidarity to communities affected by a decisions not to indict officers in killing unarmed black men

 Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner in the wake of the decision by two grand juries not to indict the police officers responsible for their deaths, according to three staffers who plan to participate in the event.

 The planned walkout comes after days of protests across the country, including in Washington, D.C., where demonstrators have marched through downtown, blocking roads and bridges on an almost nightly basis since last Wednesday's decision by a grand jury in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Garner.

 "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," said one staffer who was helping to plan the event.

 The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event, which is set to take place at 3:30 p.m., and is expected to draw at least 50 people. A staffer who planned to attend the protest said it was important to show support across racial lines.

 "I believe it's important, because what affects one community really affects the entire country," the staffer told CNN. "It's not just one group of minorities that's affected. How one group is treated affects Asians, Hispanics, women. It's important that we show our solidarity and come together and really speak out about the injustices that are being done."

 The group will gather in front of the Capitol and plan to take a photo at 345 p.m. U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black is expected to pray for the grieving families and to pray for peace.

 The US Capitol dome is cocooned in scaffolding on October 28, 2014 in Washington, DC as it undergoes its first comprehensive repairs in more than half a century a century. The two-year, USD 60 million project is aimed at repairing nearly 1,300 cracks that have emerged in the nine-million-pound (4.1-million-kilogram) cast iron dome, according to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) office. Construction on the dome began in 1855. Work symbolically continued through the US Civil War and the structure was eventually completed in 1866. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read )

 "We're not trying to cause any type of controversy," one staffer told CNN. "We're just trying to highlight this issue, to show solidarity with people who have been affected."

 Chaplain Black has drawn attention before for his topical prayers. Last year during the budget battle that shut down the government for 16 days, he opened each session with a prayer appealing the lawmakers to end the impasse.

 "Obviously, there are probably some people who feel that my prayers should not have been as pointed as they were," Black told CNN's Anderson Cooper after the shutdown had ended. "My prayers simply reflect the reality of the environment that I am in."

 Black could not be reached immediately reached for comment ahead of the event. ||||| Over a hundred black congressional staffers and several black lawmakers staged a walkout at the Capitol this afternoon, leading a silent protest on the steps of the Capitol over the recent police killing involving Ferguson and Eric Garner.

 Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Marc Veasey, D-Texas, were among the lawmakers participating in the walkout. Senate Chaplain Barry Black led the group in prayer, saying they were working as a “voice for the voiceless.”

 “Today as people throughout the nation protest for justice in our lands, forgive us when we have failed to lift our voices for those who couldn't speak or breathe for themselves,” Black said. “May we not forget that in our national history injustice has often been maintained because good people failed to promptly act. Forgive oh God, our culpability in contributing to our national pathology as you keep us aware of our own capacity to be instruments of injustice.”

 Alex Wong/Getty Images

 After the prayer, the group stood on the steps of the Capitol, raising their hands in a gesture that has become symbolic of the Ferguson refrain –- hands up, don’t shoot. |||||
Economic inactivity refers to people of working age who are not seeking work.
Its rate in Northern Ireland is just under 27% and can cover students, people with health conditions, or those with caring or parenting responsibilities.
The UK average is 22%.
The strategy, called 'Enabling Success', has been jointly launched by Employment Minister Stephen Farry and  Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster.
The strategy involves 11 projects, based on the voluntary participation of individuals.
Three groups will be targeted - those with work-limiting health conditions or disabilities, lone parents and people with caring commitments.
"I recognise that there are some who will never be able to work due to the severity of their health conditions," Mr Farry said.
"However, there are many people with work-limiting conditions who, with the right support, may be able to participate."
Mrs Foster added that the problem could hold back the economy unless addressed.
"The strategy will seek to contribute to an increase in the employment rate in Northern Ireland and to increase our economic competitiveness and productivity in the global market," she said.
By 2030, the strategy hopes to have raised employment levels to above the UK average.
"The current employment rate here is 68.6% compared with a United Kingdom average of 73.4% and achieving this goal will be challenging," Mrs Foster said.
(CNN) -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine, showing the actor's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor. The man named executor in Coleman's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband's death by selling the image to the tabloid, and suggested she is destined for the "life of a social and professional outcast." Coleman divorced Price in 2008, but they were living together in Santaquin, Utah, when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo, Utah, hospital. Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo, but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image. A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial, Coleman's longtime friend and former manager, as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process. A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor. Mial threatened to have Price, 24, arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman's home since his death. She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together, Mial said. While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died, his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors. "These items include, but are not limited to, numerous televisions and video game systems, a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck (registered to Coleman), cargo trailer (registered to Coleman), model train sets, computers, telephones, musical instruments, and furnishings," Mial said. "It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court's order, so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her," Mial said. Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images, which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "ongoing desperate attempt" to profit from his death. "These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may, ultimately, relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast, indeed, will bring," Mial said Wednesday. "May God bless Miss Price and her 'free will.'" A statement released by Price's publicist Monday did not deny Mial's accusation, but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer. "Dion, who claims to be a good friend of Gary, would know that Gary's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone," the statement said. "So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon, not taking all her money, to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her."
Phillip Clayton claims his 86-year-old mother Maureen, a retired teacher, died in agony, covered in pressure sores, after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed for 11 weeks . An 86-year-old woman died covered in 'horrendous' pressure sores after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed, her son claims. Phillip Clayton said his mother died in 'pain and tears' and contracted MRSA as a result of the care she received. He claims a delay in fitting a pacemaker also contributed to his mother's death after she was admitted to hospital with a dangerously low heart rate. He has launched a complaint against Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent after his mother Maureen died in November. NICE guidelines advise adults at high risk should be turned at least once every four hours to prevent pressure ulcers. The hospital is now carrying out a review into her care. Mr Clayton, 56, a public sector worker, said: 'The fact that my mother died is unfortunate. 'The way she died in pain and tears from the pressure sores is a disgrace and in my view, totally unacceptable. 'It is wrong to say my mother would not have died but I do think the care she received shortened her life. 'It was not the right way for her to die. The way she spent her last few weeks was shocking. 'The real problem is a total lack of leadership which permeates right down to ward level and results in an appalling level of service. 'I do not need apologies or a formal investigation, what I would like to see is change.' Mrs Clayton, a retired teacher, was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham, Kent. Her heart rate was low and she spent three days on a cardiac unit before being diagnosed with liver problems and transferred to the Will Adams ward. Mr Clayton claims while there staff failed to turn her during her entire 11 week stay - when it should have been done once every four hours. Mr Clayton says his mother even contracted MRSA as a result of the 'disgraceful' care she received at Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent (pictured) Mrs Clayton was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham . He added that they only rearranged the pillows under her back which did not prevent her from contracting painful pressure sores. Three weeks into her stay she was diagnosed with MRSA and died on November 27 from renal failure. Mr Clayton added: 'They simply rearranged the pillows underneath her. Turning a patient in bed is not rocket science. It is a basic nursing skill. 'There was a long delay before she was fitted with a temporary pacemaker and then a permanent one. During this time she deteriorated. 'If she had been fitted with the pacemaker in the first week and been able to get up, maybe things would have been different.' A spokesperson from Medway NHS Foundation Trust, who run the hospital where Mrs Clayton was treated said: 'The Trust takes concerns around care very seriously and is currently carrying out a review, as discussed with the family. 'The outcome of the review and the actions we are taking as a result of the findings, will be shared with the family.'
Add a location to your Tweets

 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| There's few rules on the Internet, but I think we can all agree on this one: Never put things to a public online vote.

 The Natural Environment Research Council is learning that lesson, but it could be a lot worse.

 The NERC, which is an independent environmental science organization in the United Kingdom, is in the process of building a new $300 million Antarctic survey vessel.

 Boat needs a name, right? Why not put it to a public vote, yea?

 UK's new Antarctic survey vessel to be built here @CammellLaird . You could name it #NameOurShip @BBCNWT pic.twitter.com/c9a7cHFuk1 — Mark Edwardson (@markedtv) March 17, 2016

 Well, the public is voting overwhelmingly to name the ship "Boaty McBoatface."

 Now, in the grand scheme of Internet shenanigans, "Boaty McBoatface" is not really that bad. In this writer's opinion, it's actually pretty great. After all, this is the same Internet that responded to a promotion to name a new flavor of Mountain Dew with "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Fapple."

 Other examples of Internet votes gone horribly wrong include a promotion that ended up sending the entertainer Pitbull to a Walmart in Alaska.

 Thus far, Boaty McBoatface has a commanding lead with more than 21,000 votes. It's next closest competitor, "Henry Worsley," an explorer and former British army officer who died in January during an attempt to become the first person to cross Antartica unaided, has a little more than 2,700 votes.

 The vote has spurred a hashtag — #BoatyMcBoatface of course — and even caused intermittent outages for its website.

 Due to a high amount of traffic some users may be experiencing problems using the #NameOurShip site. Please bear with us. — NERC (@NERCscience) March 20, 2016

 The closing date for entries is April 16. The boat is scheduled to set sail in 2019.
Longtime Fox News contributor and fill-in host Laura Ingraham is in line for her own show on the channel, possibly in a key prime time hour.

 On Monday a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN that there are talks underway between Ingraham and Fox executives, but no decisions have been finalized.

 The addition of an Ingraham talk show could be part of a bigger-picture reshuffling of Fox News Channel's highly rated schedule.

 A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment and Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment.

 Ingraham has been a paid contributor to Fox News since 2007. The show that's been discussed would be a big promotion.

 Matt Drudge, who is well-sourced in conservative media circles, spurred intrigue about potential changes when he tweeted this on Monday: "FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved."

 Drudge got tongues wagging, which may have been his goal.

 The prime time hours on cable news are 8, 9 and 10 p.m. When Megyn Kelly left for NBC in January, Tucker Carlson took over her 9 p.m. time slot.

 Then in April when Bill O'Reilly was removed amid a sexual harassment scandal, Carlson moved into O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot and the channel's 5 p.m. conservative talk show "The Five" moved to 9 p.m. Sean Hannity remained in place at 10 p.m.

 Now there is speculation inside and outside Fox that another schedule shake-up is in the works.

 The cable news channel seems to be exploring programming options in the event that Eric Bolling does not return. Bolling is the centerpiece of the 5 p.m. show that was created when "The Five" moved to 9. It is called "Fox News Specialists."

 Earlier this month Bolling was suspended pending a probe into accusations that he sent lewd texts to colleagues, which he has denied.

 If Fox News executives need to replace "The Specialists," "The Five" could be shifted back to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Then Ingraham could take over at 9 p.m.

 Alternatively, Hannity could move up one hour to 9, and Ingraham could take over at 10.

 Or maybe Fox executives have something in mind that nobody else has thought of yet.

 Along with the Bolling suspension, another subplot is the ratings race between Fox and MSNBC. The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow has snapped Fox's winning streak in the 9 p.m. hour.

 So Fox executives are asking themselves: Would Ingraham be a better match against Maddow than "The Five" currently is?

 Ingraham is a vocal supporter of President Trump, just like some of the co-hosts of "The Five."

 She is already a popular radio talk show host, with a three-hour morning time slot on stations across the country. She also operates a conservative-themed news and features site called LifeZette. ||||| Fox News Channel is in discussions with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham that could result in her coming to the 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network as a regular host, a person familiar with the outlet’s plans confirmed early Tuesday.

 The two sides are believed to be in early talks, and no decision has been made regarding the time slot Ingraham might anchor, or even when she might join the company in the new role. No deal has been signed, and there is no sense at this time when one might come to fruition, this person said. She already serves as a Fox News contributor.

 Revelation of the talks, which surfaced Monday on The Drudge Report and were further detailed by CNN, show Fox News Channel continuing to mull tinkering with its program line-up as it grapples in real time to find alternatives for hosts who have come under recent fire. Fox News replaced mainstay Bill O’Reilly in April after he parted ways over advertiser reaction to disclosures of settlements paid to women who had accused him of sexual harassment and other improprieties.

 The network’s current primetime lineup features Tucker Carlson at 8 p.m, the panel show “The Five” at 9 p.m., and Sean Hannity at 10 p.m. And though Fox News remains cable’s most-watched news network, it has had to contend with a resurgent MSNBC, where a primetime lineup led by Rachel Maddow has expanded its audience.

 Related Fox, Major League Baseball Strike New Rights Pact Official Name of New Fox Is, Uh, Fox -- and Other Takeaways From Annual Stockholders Meeting

 Ingraham has a long association with Fox News, having served as a fill-in for both Hannity and O’Reilly. Executives at the network have remained open to the idea of tweaking its primetime lineup, Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy told Variety in July.

 Fox News is also mulling talent options due to the recent suspension of Eric Bolling, the former commodities trader who served as co-host on the late-afternoon program “Fox News Specialists,” this person confirmed. Bolling was suspended earlier this month, when Fox News said it planned to investigate recent allegations made in a Huffington Post report that Bolling may have sexually harassed colleagues. Bolling has denied the charges and said he intends to clear his name. ||||| Fox News is not commenting, but people familiar with the talks who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said Ingraham is seen as a compatible fit between the network's conservative prime-time hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity. Under that scenario, the roundtable show "The Five" -- which moved to 9 p.m. Eastern time when the network had to shuffle its program line-up after Bill O'Reilly exited in April -- would move back to its original time slot of 5 p.m. Eastern to make room for Ingraham.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:59 EST, 4 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 5 March 2014 . When most people have too much to drink, they will often 'sleep it off' in an attempt to sober up. A Florida man, however, is not like most people - when he was stopped for speeding last month, he told the arresting officer that his wife had been nagging him for drinking too much, so he decided to hop in his SUV and 'drive it off' - on his way to a bar to have more drinks. Michael Moore, 61, was stopped just after midnight on February 13 by an officer in Stuart Florida after he was seen speeding down U.S. 1. Brilliant: Michael Moore told police when he was stopped for a DUI that he had been drinking but decided to 'drive it off' by driving to a bar . Moore was stopped in the 800 block of Southwest U.S. 1 at about 12:35 a.m. and the officer immediately smelled alcohol when he approached the allegedly intoxicated motorist, according to court records first obtained by TCPalm.com. According to the probable cause statement, Moore told the officer that he was coming from his house and that he had consumed 'a couple' of drinks. He also told the officer that he was heading to a local bar to have 'a few' more. The officer noted in the report that Moore's eyes were glassy and that his speech was slurred - according to the officer, he sounded 'thick-tongued.' Legal limit: Court records show that Moore's blood alcohol content was 0.104. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Report: The arresting officer noted that Moore sounded 'thick-tongued' and slurred his speech and that his eyes were wattery . Moore explained to the officer that he had been in an argument with his wife and decided he would take a drive. 'He also told me that his wife told him that he (had) been drinking too . much so he decided to go out and 'drive it off,"' an arrest affidavit . states. Prior to his arrest, Moore was given standard field sobriety tests. He failed them all. Once in custody, officers administered a breath test to determine Moore's blood alcohol content. Two separate tests measured his BAC at 0.104 and 0.103. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08. Moore was placed under arrest and charged with driving under the influence.

Watch out ladies or you might just become smitten with the 'coolest kid in the whole wide world'. That's the view of many after Keano, six, took his mother's iPad and filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs. His mother,Â Caitlin Gahleitner, from Perth, Western Australia, then promptly shared the clip online. The result is an adorable video that has gone viral with over 8,000 likes since it was uploaded to Facebook by radio stationÂ 2DayFM on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Caitlin Gahleitner (left) found a video her son Keano (right) had recorded on her iPad, which she promptly shared online . 'Hello girls, my name's Keano,' the mini-Romeo begins in a gentlemanly fashion. 'I hope you see my muscles and my abs,' he then says, flexing his biceps. Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano then lifts up his shirt for the camera and, pointing towards his belly, chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs'. 'I'm the coolest kid in the whole wide world,' he continues, before blowing a kiss to the screen. 'Hello girls, my name's Keano': The six-year-old filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs . Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano is seen lifting up his shirt for the camera and pointing towards his belly before he chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs' 'I hope you love me!' Viewers clearly did fall in love with the year one student, who received well over 8000 likes for his video and more than 1000 shares. Almost three thousand people commented on the clip, most of them comparing Keano to their own friends or complimenting him on his physique. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, told Daily Mail Australia that his inspiration came from his father. The video has since received over 8000 likes and 1000 shares since being uploaded on Wednesday . 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' MsÂ Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' However, Keano is not as keen about his new-found fame as the rest of his family members are, as Ms Gahleitner admits his aunts and uncles now incessantly ask him 'how's your abs, Keano?' 'We all tease him about it now and he gets embarrassed, he just keeps saying "I don't want to be famous!",' Ms Gahleitner said. 'I can't wait until his 21st birthday!'

Jon Huntsman couldn't help but fire a parting shot at his Republican rivals, even as he withdrew from the presidential race and backed front-runner Mitt Romney Monday morning. 'This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people and not worthy of this critical time,' he said during an announcement in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Huntsman, a former Utah governor and the President Obama's ambassador to China, must now navigate the tricky waters of supporting a candidate he slammed as an unelectable, untrustworthy flip-flopper. Shortly after Huntsman told his staff . Sunday night he was planning to quit the presidential race, videos and . statements criticizing the former Massachusetts governor disappeared . from Huntsman's campaign website. Family affair: Four of Jon Huntsman's daughters, including his adopted Chinese daughter Gracie Mei, stood on stage with him and his wife Mary Kaye (in the purple) today . Exit: Jon Huntsman leaves the stage after his announcement this morning, flanked by his daughter Mary Anne (left) and his wife Mary Kaye (right) Bowing out: Huntsman's presidential bid never gained traction and floundered after a disappointing performance in New Hampshire . As an opponent, Huntsman was one of Romney's harshest critics, offering several devastating assessments of the front-runner in an attempt to win over Romney's moderate supporters. 'I will always put my country first. It . seems that Gov Romney believes in putting politics first. Gov Romney . enjoys firing people; I enjoy creating jobs. It may be that heâ€™s . slightly out of touch with the economic reality playing out in America . right now, and thatâ€™s a dangerous place to be,' he told reporters right . before the New Hampshire primary. Lest anyone forget Huntsman's harsh words, the Democratic National Committee produced a greatest hits list of the most cutting remarks by the former candidate. Big gains: Hours after the announcement, Mitt Romney thanked Huntsman for his support and praised his campaign . Plea for unity: Flanked by his family, Huntsman criticized the divisive tone of the Republican race and said the party needs to unite . And Huntsman's endorsement of Romney was no ringing embrace. Instead, he simply cited Romney's electability. Jon Huntsman's campaign pulled down statements critical of Mitt Romney as he moved to endorse the Republican front-runner. However, the Democratic National Committee won't let Huntsman forget what he said. It has released a list of his greatest Mitt-hits: . 'I believe it is now time for our party . to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama. Despite our differences I believe that candidate is Gov Mitt Romney,' Huntsman said at a news conference with his wife and children. Huntsman staked his presidential bid . on making a name for himself in last week's New Hampshire primary. But . his candidacy never really gained traction and he came in a . disappointing third place behind Romney and Texas Rep Ron Paul. Campaign sources said Huntsman was dropping out now because he didn't want to pull support away from Romney, which could prolong the GOP presidential primary. Romney gladly accepted the affirmation from his fellow Mormon. 'I salute Jon Huntsman & his wife Mary Kaye. He ran a campaign based on unity not division, & love of country. I appreciate his support,' the candidate Tweeted moments after the public announcement. Despite his low support from voters, Huntsman's departure will surely be a boon to Romney. He was only polling at three to five percent in South Carolina and Florida, the next two primary states, but he was the only candidate still competing for moderate voters who are the backbone of Romney's support. According to recent polls, nearly all of Huntsman's supporters said Romney was their second choice. This further consolidates the establishment wing of the Republican party. Conservative voters are still divided between former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and, to a lesser extent, Texas Gov Rick Perry. Huntsman is the third candidate to leave . the race. Former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty exited in August and . Minnesota Rep Michele Bachmann dropped out after a poor showing in the . Iowa caucus. By his side: Huntsman made the announcement in South Carolina with his family, including his wife Mary Kaye . Waving farewell: Huntsman said he was ending his presidential bid because he believes Romney is the best choice to beat President Obama . Despite strong credentials -- an attractive, highly-educated former governor and businessman who speaks Mandarin Chinese and has extensive foreign policy experience -- Huntsman never rose above single digits in national polls. He staked his campaign on a victory, or at least a strong showing, in moderate New Hampshire. But the granite state didn't show him the love he was hoping for. He received just 17 percent of the vote compared to Mitt Romney's dominant 39 percent. Ron Paul came in second with 23 percent. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie turned down a Republican movement urging him to run for president this year, but he hasn't ruled out the possibility in the future. He told Oprah Winfrey during her visit to his home in Mendham, New Jersey, that he was considering running in 2016. 'I'll be much more ready for it four years from now than I am now,' he said. Christie says he can see his family occupying the White House in the future. The 49-year-old former US Attorney told Oprah he and his wife seriously considered the calls to run for president against Barack Obama, but ultimately he felt comfortable turning them down. 'Inside me it never felt right. I knew that if it didn't feel right, I couldn't be me,' he said.

He claimed there were few vessels to enforce new regulations for UK inshore fishing waters after it leaves the EU.
And the ex-Falklands veteran, who was once a Labour security minister, said he was "stunned" at the government's "amazing complacency" over the issue.
But minister Lord Gardiner insisted a vessel monitoring system was in place.
Lord West raised the issue just days after the government announced it is to withdraw from the London Fisheries Convention - the deal which allows foreign fisherman access to British waters.
Lord Gardiner, a rural affairs minister, said the Marine Management Organisation would supervise the UK's "exclusive economic zone", which stretches from six to 200 nautical miles - while the Association of Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authorities would cover up to six nautical miles.
But he added that as the UK leaves the EU a review will be needed to reflect on the level of fisheries enforcement required.
That response prompted Lord West to say: "This simple sailor is absolutely stunned by the answer, which shows amazing complacency.
"The bottom line is we have very, very few vessels involved in this. They are not properly centrally coordinated. We've already seen a number of the countries involved saying 'well to hell with what you're saying, we're coming there anyway'.
"We will be made a laughing stock if we apply some rules and cannot enforce them."
Lord West urged ministers to establish "a centralised command system to actually control the various assets we have", adding that "far too few of them seem to be able to focus on things like someone fishing illegally in the six to 12 mile zones".
He said more ships and boats needed to be built "to ensure we can actually enforce it".
The minister said he would like Lord West, who served in the Royal Navy between 1965 and 2006, to go with him to Newcastle to see a new digital vessel monitoring system that can pinpoint "every vessel that's at sea within our waters".
He said there were three offshore patrol vessels in operation, with a further five new river offshore patrol vessels being built that will be used for fisheries protection.
But Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Baroness Jones of Whitchurch argued that "fish stocks can't be managed unilaterally", adding "there has to be some cooperation with neighbouring countries".
"Fish shoals can sometimes move for hundreds of miles, and indeed our own fishermen fish up to the north of Russia and southern Portugal," she said.
"There's no point in making a unilateral declaration."
But Lord Gardiner said not only would the government be negotiating "with our partners and friends in Europe so we have a sustainable fishing industry" but post-Brexit the UK will "have the ability to decide who fishes in our waters".
He said the chief executive of National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations had welcomed the UK's decision to give notice to the London Fisheries Convention as "an important part of establishing the UK as an independent coastal state with sovereignty over its own exclusive economic zone".
He said fishing is worth Â£1.3bn to the UK economy, employs 34,600 people, has 6,000 fishing vessels and lands 708 tonnes of fish each year worth Â£775m.


Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury.
In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April.
However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle.
Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday.
The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew.
Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time".
"I would love to see it before I retired", he said, although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century.
An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then.
Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox, meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April.
But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar, hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity.
In 1990, the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date, which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments. It has not yet been reached.


It carries out a monthly survey of firms that tracks indicators such as new orders, employment and exports.
The latest report for April suggested a modest deterioration in business conditions, as output and new orders declined following growth in March.
That was the fourth monthly decline in activity in the last five months.
Ulster Bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said Northern Ireland's modest decline in private sector activity compares with growth in all of the other UK regions.
Manufacturing continued to be a bright spot, with output growth and new orders rebounding to a 6-month high, driven by market demand in Great Britain.
By contrast, Northern Ireland retailers reported their sharpest decline in retail sales since May 2012 and the construction sector posted its largest fall in business activity in two years.
Mr Ramsey said that despite the apparent weakness suggested by the results, companies are continuing to hire staff.
"Despite uncertainty and lack of demand, local firms saw their staffing levels rise in April at the fastest rate in seven months. Employment growth was reported across all sectors with the exception of construction," he added.
Looking forward, he said that the detail of the new Conservative government's fiscal plans and economic policies "will affect all sectors of the economy both public and private".

LONDON, England (CNN) -- The super-yachts of the super-rich could soon become super-green. The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this. Sydney-based technology company Solar Sailor is working on a "solar sail" which could act as both a sail and a solar power source to all sorts of large vessels. Super-yachts owned by billionaires like Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen are currently among the biggest fuel guzzlers on the planet. Some of the ocean-going beasts like Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's "Dubai," the biggest private super-yacht in the world, are over 150 meters long and contain amenities like aircraft hangars, movie theaters, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. All of these features sap incredible amounts of energy. Fuel consumption estimates on super-yachts have ranged up to one liter of fuel per second when traveling at high power. • See a photo gallery of the world's best super-yachts . Solar Sailor's CEO Robert Dane told CNN the technology could work perfectly with super-yachts. He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "We think it would enable people to have their super-yacht but make little or no carbon footprint, which is the big problem with these vessels," he said. Dane said the technology worked by using a wing that is a solar panel or a sail, pivotally mounted to a vessel so it can be angled to the sun or the wind. The "sails" are controlled by a computer which takes into account the direction and strength of sun and wind to optimize energy collection. A design project is currently underway in the United Kingdom to create a solar sail for the super-yachts, he said. Dane said the company was working with Chinese shipping company COSCO to get solar sails on some of its fleet. "Our aim is for a trail of retrofitted sails to one bulker and one tanker in 2010. Based on the results of this, then we would design 'new-build' vessels," he said. Dane estimated the sail could save about 5 percent in fuel consumption from the solar power and another 20 to 40 percent from wind power when the vessel is traveling at 18 knots. "This might add up to a 10 percent saving overall in the whole journey," Dane said. He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.

Washington (CNN) -- Within hours of President Barack Obama's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed, politics entered the fray. A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. Debate rages about role of torture . Interviews and commentaries by conservatives, including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention, citing media reports rather than direct information. A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection, at least to waterboarding, the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law. While administration officials, former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden, no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture. That doesn't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying. Republican Rep. Peter King, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid. Was bin Laden's killing legal? Mohammed was captured in 2003, and another high-value suspect, Abu Faraj al Libi, was captured in 2005. "I think it's fair to say that it's a long way to getting bin Laden, but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation" of Mohammed and al Libi, King said. However, as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday, Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi. According to Borger's report, the detainee who initially provided the courier's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation, but not waterboarding. Later, Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier, who was described as his protege, and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him, a senior U.S. official said. U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier's identity four years ago "from a different part of the world," the senior U.S. official said. Trail to bin Laden started with courier . King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded, and even though he lied about the courier, the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding. To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough, no such connection exists. "This whole idea about somehow whether EITs (enhanced interrogation techniques) played into that, I think, is just not consistent with the facts, and, also, a little bit of a sideshow, as far as I'm concerned," McDonough said. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August. "I can say with certainty that no single piece of information, with the exception of the address of the compound, was ... singularly vital to this, because we're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years," Carney said. "And it's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way; if, you know which thread held the cloth together, with the exception of the location of the compound." Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees, which he called one of many ways that information was gathered. "Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information" played a key role, "because we don't know," Carney said. Mark Fallon, a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, terrorist detention facility, rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden's capture. "I think some people are trying to rewrite history here," Fallon told MSNBC, adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and wasn't aware "of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding." One of Obama's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration. The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency, with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism. Now, those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return. John Yoo, a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques, said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked. However, his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources, rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees. Marc Thiessen, a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, made similar assertions on the group's website, but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports. Cheney, interviewed on ABC and Fox, said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden's demise, but added he had no proof. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism. "Now let's remember that in the early days, we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda," Rice said. However, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden's location that "came as a result of harsh interrogation practices." Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden. "This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement," Graham said, citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work. "I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding. I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work." CNN's Gloria Borger contributed to this story.


The party won 10 seats, but the Conservatives have retained control with 45 out of 78 councillors.
The Tories had 51 seats before Thursday's vote, while the Liberal Democrats slipped from 24 to 17.
Labour's seats increased from one to four, while two independent councillors were also elected.
Former cabinet minister Mr Huhne, a Lib Dem, was jailed in March for perverting the course of justice, and his party lost both Eastleigh council seats to UKIP.
One of UKIP's gains was in South Waterside where Philip Fawkes, a distant relative of Guy Fawkes, was elected.
A 15th Century ancestor of the retired head teacher was the great-great-grandfather of the the failed 1605 Gunpowder Plot ringleader.
When Mr Fawkes' candidacy was announced, party leader Nigel Farage said it showed "the blood of rebellion still runs in his veins".
By Steve HumphreyBBC South
It's been an historic night in the local elections - with UKIP winning its first seats on county councils in the south.
As soon as the votes came tumbling out of the ballot boxes in Hampshire it became clear that it was going to be a tough night for the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats.
Labour gained three seats - but it was UKIP's supporters who had the biggest smiles. They started the night with no seats on the county council - but they ended up with 10.
Across Hampshire, there were losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives - but the Tories retain control of the county council.
One senior Conservative MP says the UKIP surge should prompt the prime minister to deliver stronger policies on immigration and Europe.
Conservative Alexis McEvoy criticised her own party's national leadership after losing her South Waterside seat to Mr Fawkes.
She said Tory leaders "choose not to listen to what the public are saying", which boosted the UKIP vote.
"I hope the government will listen because they never do," she added.
"They're arrogant, out of touch and because of them good councillors have now been lost."
Andy Moore, 53, who won Eastleigh East for UKIP, said: "We have told the truth. We have listened to the public who have put us in these positions as councillors."
Martin Lyon, 47, who took nearby Bishopstoke and Fair Oak for UKIP, added: "I'm just shell shocked.
"It's all about the people on the ground. There have been a lot of people who have put the work in over five to 10 years in Eastleigh."
Lib Dem Sandra Gidley, who lost to Conservative Roy Perry in Romsey Extra, said she was disappointed but her stronger feeling was one of concern about the gains made by UKIP.
"It's a protest vote, it's a dangerous one; nobody knows what that party stands for," she said.
"It's now down to all politicians to try and reconnect with the public because what was clear to me is that the public have lost faith in all of us from all parties; that's why UKIP did well, not because they have anything to offer."
Voting was also held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday and counting began at 09:00 BST.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice practice.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice mido.
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
The independent inspector of immigration said the Home Office must make significant improvements regarding "overstayers" - foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the country.
John Vine said failure to do so could "undermine public confidence".
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said there was room for improvement.
The report suggests that the amount of "overstayers" in the UK is not increasing, and instead is remaining largely static.
Mr Vine said the overall size of the "migration refusal pool" - the number of foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the UK after 2008 - was 173,562 in the three months to June this year, compared with 174,057 in the same period two years earlier.
The Home Office signed a contract with private outsourcing group Capita to review, and where possible, close the records of migrants who had been refused leave to stay in the UK.
But Mr Vine said there had been "significant inaccuracies" in Capita's classification of migration refusal records.
The inspection concluded that of a sample of 57 records 16 had wrongly recorded the foreign national as having left the UK.
A Capita spokeswoman rejected claims that it had used information about passengers to the UK incorrectly and that it had incorrectly classified passport records.
She also rejected "any inference that we benefited in any way" from following the processes used to record migrants' entry to and exit of the UK.
In his report, Mr Vine specified that what he describes as Capita's inaccuracies meant the number of "overstayers" thought to have departed may have been overestimated by as many as 1,140 in 2013-14.
Mr Vine said: "I was disappointed to find a high level of inaccuracy in the classification of migration refusal records, with more than a quarter of departures in my sample being incorrectly recorded.
"Considerable improvements in the Home Office's capability to monitor, progress, and prioritise the immigration enforcement caseload will be needed to deliver its strategy for reducing the level of irregular migration."
He said inspectors had also identified a further 223,000 records of foreign nationals without permission to stay in the UK, whose cases dated to before 2008.
James Brokenshire said the report's recommendations would be taken forward, but changes made by the government had been having a positive impact and needed to be judged over time.
"The public can have confidence on the rigour that we are attaching to this issue," he said.
Universities are paying agencies millions to recruit overseas students who boost their coffers. Home students suffer as lectures are dumbed down to help those with poor English, academics say. And some institutions enrol lucrative non-EU students ‘regardless of their language skills’, it was claimed. A study by Times Higher Education (THE) found 106 universities spent £86million recruiting abroad in 2013 to 2014, or £1,767 per student – a 16.5 per cent increase on two years before. The Russell Group of top universities were some of the top spenders, with Sheffield, Glasgow and Cardiff each spending more than £6million from 2011 to 2014. Coventry spent the most, paying out £10.2million in commission and VAT to recruit 5,634 students, according to data obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. However, a university spokesman said: ‘By error the figures . . . included substantial non-agent related costs, and therefore do not represent the university’s spend.’ The University of Bedfordshire spent £9.5million and Middlesex University spent £8.8million including VAT. Giving money to recruitment agents is worthwhile for institutions because the average fee paid by a student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 – or £13,425 for laboratory-based courses. Fees for UK and EU students are capped at £9,000 a year. Liz Reisberg, formerly of the Centre for International Higher Education, at Boston College in the US, and now an independent consultant, told THE the situation was ‘staggering’. Of 158 universities that gave data, all but 19 used agents to enrol non-EU students. At the 124 institutions that gave a breakdown of admissions, there were 58,257 international students enrolled using agents in 2013-14. This month, a separate THE survey found more than a third of academics thought foreign undergraduates did not speak or write good English. One admitted to The Best University Workplace Survey that tutors ‘lower the level of classes so everyone can keep up – to the disadvantage of native speakers’. A Russell Group lecturer called the issue the sector’s ‘dirty little secret’. The average  fee paid by student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 a year to study in the UK . A respondent at a university in the Midlands said it tried ‘to attract as many international students as possible regardless of their language skills.’ As the survey was anonymous, there is no suggestion the complaints came from institutions that pay agencies fees to recruit internationally. Nicola Dandridge, of Universities UK, which represents the sector, said: ‘International students are subject to numerous tests to ensure they meet high English language requirements.’ The group said official guidance puts an onus on universities to ensure agents act ‘ethically and responsibly’.
Ireland started with purpose but went behind when Antonio Cassano headed in a near post Andrea Pirlo corner.
An equaliser would have knocked Italy out and their keeper Gianluigi Buffon smartly saved a Keith Andrews strike.
"I hope there are no dramatic changes for the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, because you have to remember what a brilliant achievement it was for us to get here in the first place.
"But my fear is what could happen to Giovanni Trapattoni.
"His team has not had the best of tournaments, and if we do not start out well on the road to the next World Cup in Brazil then I fear that people might turn on him."
I fear for Trapattoni, says Kevin Kilbane
Andrews was sent off for a second booking before Mario Balotelli volleyed in to settle Italian nerves.
Italy still had to endure a few more anxious moments as a Croatia equaliser against Spain in the other Group C game would have meant they were out of the tournament.
But Spain won and Italy will now play the winner of Group D, which includes England.
Ireland put in a more solid performance than in their two previous defeats, although it might not be enough to stop some of their old guard calling time on their international careers, and Shay Given, Robbie Keane, Damien Duff and Richard Dunne will all be left to mull over their futures.
The Irish had beaten Italy 18 years ago to the day at the 1994 World Cup but despite starting with pace and pressuring their opponents, they suffered from some poor decision making in the final third.
Italy weathered the Republic's early enthusiasm before gradually pinning their opponents back and being rewarded for their perseverance.
The opener came after some costly mistakes by Ireland, which started with Glenn Whelan giving the ball away to Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo.
Pirlo released Antonio Di Natale and he skipped over keeper Given but saw his effort from an acute angle cleared off the line by Sean St Ledger.
Ireland escaped this time but Given, so unusually uncertain at Euro 2012, quickly spilled a long range Cassano strike and the Azzurri seized on the error.
Cassano got his head to a near post Pirlo corner and although Given got a touch, the ball had already crossed the line before Duff - captain on his 100th Republic appearance - cleared.
The goal knocked the wind out of Ireland's sails and Given had to save a Di Natale shot as Italy threatened to overwhelm Giovanni Trapattoni's deflated side.
To their credit, the Republic regrouped and caused Italy some anxious moments, although only a powerful 25-yard shot from Andrews called Buffon into any serious action.
Andrews, already booked in the first half, was sent off after picking up a second yellow card.
He then furiously kicked out at the ball on his way off as he epitomised the frustrations of so many in the Ireland camp after a tournament in which they were comprehensively outplayed.
And Ireland's misery was compounded when Balotelli, side on to goal and with a defender in close attendance, volleyed in from a late corner.
Full Time   The final whistle goes and the game is over.
Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the right by-line.
Mario Balotelli has an effort at goal. Blocked by Stephen Ward. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Ignazio Abate on Damien Duff. Damien Duff crosses the ball in from the free kick, save made by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Alessandro Diamanti provided the assist for the goal.
Goal!  - Mario Balotelli -    Italy 2 - 0 R Ireland        Mario Balotelli gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the box to the top left corner of the goal. Italy 2-0 Rep of Ireland.
Inswinging corner taken from the right by-line by Alessandro Diamanti,
Daniele De Rossi restarts play with the free kick.
Dismissal      Keith Andrews sent off.
Foul by Keith Andrews on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded.
Mario Balotelli takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Jonathan Walters. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
Substitution      Simon Cox is brought on as a substitute for Robbie Keane.
Leonardo Bonucci produces a right-footed shot from just outside the area that goes harmlessly over the target.
Direct strike on goal from the free kick comes in from Alessandro Diamanti.
Booking      Sean St. Ledger is cautioned by the ref for dissent.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Mario Balotelli.
Damien Duff gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Direct free kick taken by Ignazio Abate.
Robbie Keane is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Andrea Barzagli restarts play with the free kick.
Foul by Jonathan Walters on Federico Balzaretti, free kick awarded. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
The ball is crossed by Stephen Ward, Headed effort from deep inside the penalty area by Jonathan Walters misses to the right of the target. The assistant referee flags for offside against Robbie Keane. Free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Jonathan Walters fouled by Alessandro Diamanti, the ref awards a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Damien Duff. Keith Andrews has an effort at goal from 25 yards. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Mario Balotelli by John O'Shea. Free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Unfair challenge on Stephen Ward by Alessandro Diamanti results in a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Substitution      Kevin Doyle goes off and Jonathan Walters comes on.
Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Damien Duff sends in a cross, Unfair challenge on Gianluigi Buffon by Richard Dunne results in a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Substitution      Mario Balotelli on for Antonio Di Natale.
Booking      Gianluigi Buffon goes into the book.
Richard Dunne fouled by Santos Thiago Motta, the ref awards a free kick. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Free kick crossed right-footed by Glenn Whelan, Ignazio Abate makes a clearance.
Booking      Booking for Daniele De Rossi for unsporting behaviour.
Daniele De Rossi concedes a free kick for a foul on Kevin Doyle.
Daniele De Rossi fouled by Shane Long, the ref awards a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Ignazio Abate challenges Robbie Keane unfairly and gives away a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the direct free kick.
Daniele De Rossi produces a cross, clearance made by Richard Dunne.
A cross is delivered by Ignazio Abate, Stephen Ward gets a block in.
John O'Shea challenges Alessandro Diamanti unfairly and gives away a free kick. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Shane Long concedes a free kick for a foul on Andrea Pirlo. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Richard Dunne is ruled offside. Indirect free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner from the right by-line taken by Damien Duff, Andrea Barzagli makes a clearance.
Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
Corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line.
Substitution      Shane Long replaces Aiden McGeady.
Effort from 25 yards by Keith Andrews. Daniele De Rossi gets a block in.
The offside flag is raised against Antonio Di Natale. Free kick taken by Sean St. Ledger. Kevin Doyle takes a shot. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Alessandro Diamanti concedes a free kick for a foul on Glenn Whelan. John O'Shea takes the free kick.
Substitution      Alessandro Diamanti is brought on as a substitute for Antonio Cassano.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by John O'Shea, the ref awards a free kick. Andrea Pirlo crosses the ball from the free kick right-footed from left by-line.
Keith Andrews has a volleyed shot. Comfortable save by Gianluigi Buffon. Unfair challenge on Santos Thiago Motta by Glenn Whelan results in a free kick. Santos Thiago Motta takes the direct free kick.
Kevin Doyle challenges Daniele De Rossi unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Santos Thiago Motta.
Claudio Marchisio has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
Foul by Damien Duff on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Direct free kick taken by Daniele De Rossi. Foul by Richard Dunne on Antonio Cassano, free kick awarded. Free kick taken by Federico Balzaretti.
Substitution      Leonardo Bonucci is brought on as a substitute for Giorgio Chiellini.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Save by Shay Given.
Aiden McGeady sends in a cross, Robbie Keane takes a shot. Blocked by Giorgio Chiellini. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff, Header by Richard Dunne from deep inside the penalty area misses to the right of the target.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Claudio Marchisio on Damien Duff. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Shot by Daniele De Rossi from outside the box goes over the net.
A cross is delivered by John O'Shea, Effort on goal by Kevin Doyle from just inside the area clears the crossbar.
Antonio Cassano takes a shot. Blocked by Richard Dunne. Effort from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
The ball is crossed by Andrea Pirlo, clearance made by Glenn Whelan.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line to the near post, Sean St. Ledger manages to make a clearance.
Federico Balzaretti produces a cross, Antonio Di Natale has a drilled shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
The referee blows his whistle to start the second half.
Half Time    It is the end of the first-half.
Giorgio Chiellini challenges Kevin Doyle unfairly and gives away a free kick. Keith Andrews restarts play with the free kick.
Inswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal. Blocked by Richard Dunne.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Robbie Keane.  Giorgio Chiellini takes the indirect free kick.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Santos Thiago Motta. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Unfair challenge on Aiden McGeady by Antonio Cassano results in a free kick. Shay Given restarts play with the free kick.
The ball is sent over by Antonio Cassano.
Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Booking      John O'Shea is given a yellow card.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Federico Balzaretti by John O'Shea.
Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Booking      Keith Andrews receives a yellow card.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick.
The assist for the goal came from Andrea Pirlo.
Goal!  - Antonio Cassano -    Italy 1 - 0 R Ireland        Antonio Cassano grabs a headed goal from inside the six-yard box. Italy 1-0 Rep of Ireland.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo,
Shot by Antonio Cassano. Save by Shay Given.
Antonio Di Natale has an effort at goal. Clearance by Sean St. Ledger.
The ball is crossed by Ignazio Abate, Antonio Di Natale takes a shot. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Federico Balzaretti. Shay Given takes the free kick.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Sean St. Ledger gets a block in.
Kevin Doyle challenges Andrea Barzagli unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Andrea Barzagli.
Direct free kick taken by Shay Given.
Booking      The referee books Federico Balzaretti for unsporting behaviour.
Aiden McGeady fouled by Federico Balzaretti, the ref awards a free kick.
The ball is crossed by Antonio Cassano, Shot from 12 yards by Antonio Di Natale. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
Claudio Marchisio concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Damien Duff delivers the ball from the free kick left-footed from left wing, free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Giorgio Chiellini by Sean St. Ledger. Direct free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Andrea Barzagli on Robbie Keane. Sean St. Ledger takes the direct free kick.
The ball is delivered by Damien Duff, Header by Sean St. Ledger from deep inside the penalty area misses to the left of the target.
Damien Duff decides to take the corner short.
Aiden McGeady delivers the ball.
Aiden McGeady is ruled offside. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Kevin Doyle fouled by Giorgio Chiellini, the ref awards a free kick. Aiden McGeady crosses the ball in from the free kick, free kick awarded for a foul by Richard Dunne on Andrea Barzagli. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Shot from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is delivered by Antonio Cassano, Sean St. Ledger makes a clearance.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Aiden McGeady.  Daniele De Rossi takes the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by Robbie Keane, the ref awards a free kick. Federico Balzaretti restarts play with the free kick.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line played to the near post, clearance made by Aiden McGeady.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
The ball is swung over by Antonio Cassano, clearance made by John O'Shea.
Antonio Di Natale concedes a free kick for a foul on Keith Andrews. Shay Given takes the direct free kick.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
A cross is delivered by Andrea Pirlo, Keith Andrews manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is sent over by Federico Balzaretti, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Keith Andrews gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrea Pirlo. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Antonio Di Natale crosses the ball, Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
The match gets underway.
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
Reverend Barry Trayhorn told an employment tribunal he had read the verses at HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire in 2014.
He was told complaints were made by gay prisoners and alleges he was unfairly dismissed.
His case against the secretary of state for justice continues.
Mr Trayhorn, 51, an ordained Pentecostal Christian minister from Sandy in Bedfordshire, had been working as a gardening supervisor at the prison at Perry near St Neots.
He had been invited to lead the worship at services once a week from 2012.
He told the tribunal in Bedford, he "often focused on Christian teachings about sin and repentance".
He confirmed the Bible passage in question was 1 Corinthians Chapter 6 Verses 9-11 which includes the lines "neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor coveters, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the Kingdom of God" and he read it on 31 May 2014.
Mr Trayhorn said he heard later that a gay prisoner had complained or was upset and there was "some sort of campaign" to remove him from chapel services.
"But I fear and do not believe it is right to alter the Christian faith so as to tailor it to any modern view of sexual ethics," he told the hearing.
He said he was told he could no longer volunteer at chapel services, complaints were then also made about his gardening work and he was told to attend a disciplinary hearing in a letter which said he had made a "homophobic statement".
He was signed off work in August 2014 with stress and resigned in November saying he had been harassed because of his Christian faith and it was impossible for him to return to work.
It means £1.3m of planned cuts will be avoided but other savings will be made.
These include £500,000 by changing the council's policy on sickness absence and a further £500,000 in schools energy incentives.
A Liberal Democrats proposal to save money by cutting the pay of senior councillors was defeated.
SNP councillors had said they would oppose any cuts in funding to services supporting vulnerable people.
The ruling group, made up of independent councillors had proposed cuts in funding for deprived areas, street cleansing, homeless support, women's aid groups and the Blas Music Festival.
They said the savings had been forced on the authority, in part because of the council tax freeze.
Earlier this month, all 32 local authorities in Scotland accepted the Scottish government's funding deal worth £10.3bn.
Many did so reluctantly, claiming the continued council tax freeze would lead to severe pressure on budgets.
Highland Council's leader Margaret Davidson said not being able to raise funds from a tax increase would result in job cuts and some services being axed.
Bill Fernie, the council's budget leader, said the local authority had to deal with "unprecedented challenges" in setting a balanced budget.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 7 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 7 February 2014 . A newborn who vanished from a southern Wisconsin home was found alive in a tote bag this morning at a gas station in eastern Iowa. Town of Beloit Police Chief Steven Kopp says the nearly week-old Kayden Powell was discovered by the police chief of West Branch, Iowa, checking along Interstate 80 at around 10.15am Friday. FBI acting special agent G.B. Jones said at a news conference the chief heard the infant crying and discovered the child swaddled in blankets and placed in a tote bag outside a gas station. Scroll down for video . Safe and sound: Six-day-old Kayden Powell is pictured here Friday after he was found alive in West Branch, Iowa, swaddled in blankets and placed . inside a tote bag against the cold . Missing: Kayden Powell, now six days old, . disappeared from his bassinet in the early hours of Thursday at a home . in Beloit, Wisconsin . Birth: Brianna Marshall, 18, gave birth Kayden at Beloit Hospital while his father, Bruce Powell, 23, was present . Authorities say baby Kayden appears to be in 'excellent health' despite the frigid temperatures. 'Our efforts are clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child. That's the immediate focus. In fact we're taking steps right now to make sure that happens,' Jones said. Person of interest: Police in Iowa arrested . Kristin Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of the baby's mother, . on unrelated fraud charges . Federal, . state and local law enforcement officers had been looking for the baby . since early Thursday when his mother, 18-year-old Brianna Marshall, . discovered him missing from a bassinet in a Town of Beloit home. Officers have arrested 'person of . interest' Kristen Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of Miss . Marshall, several hours later in the neighboring state of Iowa. The . woman is no longer considered as suspect in the case but is being held . on separate fraud charges. Authorities questioned a number of people, including Miss Powell, 18, Kayden's . father Bruce Powell, 23, Miss Powell's brother and Kayden's great-grandmother - all of whom who were in the house . when the baby was discovered missing early Thursday morning. Miss Marshall and Mr Powell, were . sleeping in the same room as their son when they discovered he was missing at about 4.30am. Right place, right time: Authorities gather at a gas station in West Branch, Iowa, where a missing newborn was found alive Friday when the local police chief heard a baby crying . Search: Forty officers from law enforcement agencies have now joined in the search for missing Kayden . Parents: Miss Marshall, pictured with Mr Powell, discovered her newborn baby had vanished from their home in the Town of Beloit, Wisconsin, at 4.30am. The couple had been sleeping in the same room as their son, Kayden . Miss Marshall then raised the alarm by calling 911, said Chief Kopp. Police said there were no signs of forced entry at the house. A 'person of interest' - believed to be a stepsister of Miss Marshall - was . arrested Thursday afternoon in Iowa on a warrant issued out of Texas, but police have . since said she is not a suspect in the child's disappearance. Kristin . Smith was arrested in West Branch on fraud charges after a warrant was . put out for her arrest in Texas. Arrest: 'Person of interest' Kristin Smith was arrested in West Branch, Iowa on separate fraud charges on Thursday. She is no longer considered a person of interest in the missing baby case . Scene: Baby Kayden was snatched from his crib at this Wisconsin home yesterday morning. Police say there were no signs of forced entry at the house, which is currently being processed as a crime scene . She claims to be Miss Marshall's half-sister, with the women sharing the . same father. The women had reportedly discussed moving to Colorado, . along with Mr Powell, after the baby was born. Alert: Miss Marshall called 911 after awaking at 4.30am and finding her newborn son was missing . Chief . Kopp confirmed that Smith left the home around 1.30am Thursday - before Miss Marshall reported that Kayden was missing. Kopp said that Smith was visiting the home on Wednesday evening but left early on Thursday for Colorado where she lives. Police were able to reach the woman on her cellphone and she pulled off the highway in Iowa. Authorities took the woman into custody on an unrelated outstanding warrant from Texas. West Branch, Iowa, is 170miles from Beloit - roughly a two-and-a-half-hour drive away. The . homeowner of the property where Kayden and his parents were staying is listed as . 46-year-old Mark Bennett, who has a history of arrests for battery and . criminal misdemeanors. Chief Kopp says the incident is not . believed to be a custody dispute - adding that an Amber Alert was not . issued because the disappearance doesn't meet the criteria. An Amber Alert is only issued if the child is at risk of serious injury . or death and there is sufficient descriptive information of the child, . captor or captor's vehicle. Kayden was born at Beloit Memorial Hospital six days ago. The Town of Beloit, home to about 7,700 people, is about 50 miles south of Madison near the Illinois border.
Former deputy prime minister John Prescott said Mr Paisley sr's phone was bugged in his Sunday Mirror column.
He said he was told of the tap on the former DUP leader's phone by then prime minister Tony Blair in 2005.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells has called on Lord Prescott to clarify when, exactly, the alleged tapping happened.
North Antrim MP Ian Paisley jr said his father would always have been careful when speaking on the phone.
"It would have been something that he would have been aware of, because people would have said to him 'be careful with your phone, it's being listened to'," he told BBC NI's Sunday News programme.
"Finding out who was listening to it is, of course, a different matter, but the suspicion was always there that it was the security services.
"For MI5 or MI6 to be engaged in doing that at the behest of the British prime minister is frankly wrong and now that it's been confirmed by John Prescott, the number two in the government, I think that his government needs to be held to account."
He added: "I certainly intend, by way of a point of order, to raise this in parliament on the 18th of April, when parliament reconvenes - I'm not going to let this rest."
Mr Paisley sr, who went on to become first minister of Northern Ireland, died in 2014.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson introduced the Wilson Doctrine in 1966, which ruled that MPs' communications must not be intercepted by the police and security Â­services.
If an MP was tapped, the prime minister would have to tell parliament.
Writing in his Sunday Mirror column, Mr Prescott said: "In 2005, when I was deputy PM, I was told by Tony Blair an MP had been tapped in the past without parliament being told.
"I asked him who it was and he told me the MP was the Rev Ian Paisley.
"Downing Street had been told by the interception of communications commissioner, who wanted to name Paisley.
"Tony asked me to discuss the Wilson Doctrine with the speaker of the House of Commons.
"I never told him (the speaker) that an MP had been tapped or that it was Paisley."
Mr Prescott declined to be interviewed by the BBC.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells who was chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee at Westminster from Autumn 2008 until his retirement in 2010, told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that questions needed to be asked and, if necessary, these should be put to whoever was prime minister at the time of the alleged tapping.
"I'm not surprised that Ian Paisley wants to know the truth. The country needs the truth as well," Mr Howells said.
"If it is true that phone tapping was going on, then Parliament should have been informed about it."
Mr Howells said phone tapping is allowed if the person who is being watched or listened to is considered to be a threat to national security. I'm not aware that Rev Ian Paisley - I assume in the 2000s - was regarded as a threat to national security."
He said Lord Prescott should make things clear.
"If there isn't a clear answer very quickly, then there ought to be questions posed to whom ever was the person responsible for doing this at the time and that would be a prime minister.
"Rev Ian Paisley was a prominent figure in British politics. I think the prime minister would have to say yes his phone was tapped or no his phone wasn't.
"This is about trust in the end between the elected government, the executive and the intelligence services.
"The intelligence services don't want to be branded by these conspiracy theory lunatics as some kind of shady alternative government.
"They operate within the law and they will want to be quite clear to all MPs now and to those who served in the past that they weren't objects of surveillance and they weren't being spied upon throughout their political careers."
By . David Mccormack . A photograph of a young mother breastfeeding at her recent graduation ceremony has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, stayed in school and completed her accounting degree. At her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month, she brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah. A photo of Karlesha Thurman, 25, breastfeeding at her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore . After the ceremony, Karlesha was proudly showing off her daughter to friends when Aaliyah became hungry. Still dressed in her cap and gown, Karlesha decided to feed her baby and a friend, who thought it cool, asked if they could take a picture. A couple of days ago she posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public. ‘I did it to show it’s natural, it’s normal, there’s nothing wrong with it,’ Karlesha told Today. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, remained in school and secured an accounting degree, she graduated from Long Beach State University in California last month . Karlesha posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public . 'It’s not disgusting, it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a negative thing. It’s the best thing for my daughter. More people should do it,' she added. Though Karlesha has since deleted her photo, the Facebook group decided to share the photo as part of their efforts to try and normalize breast-feeding in public. ‘Congratulations, mama!!!! Giving her daughter more gifts than one! Isn't this beautiful?! #normalizebreastfeeding,’ read the caption. As the photo spread, the Facebook page – and Karlesha - received a lot of support. 'Congratulations to the mom for graduating & putting your baby 1st,' Michelle Spruill wrote on the group’s Facebook page. Karlesha brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah to her graduation last month . 'I breast-fed all 3 of my babies. I didn't let my babies starve because of how it would make someone else feel. Good job!' As well as support, the photo also drew some negative comments as well. Some people though it was inappropriate and that she should have covered up. 'Maybe I still have sleep in my eyes but did U just see a pic of a chick really breastfeeding during middle of her graduation?' tweeted Moderate. Karlesha, however, has no regrets. ‘I was proud of the fact that not only did I graduate but that I got to share the moment with the one person who is the most important to me and that is my daughter,’ she told Today.
The track sold 117,000 copies, some 40,000 more than its closest rival, Avicii's Wake Me Up, according to the Official Charts Company.
Lady Gaga's Applause was the second highest new entry at five. It was released midweek after leaking online.
Last week's number one, Miley Cyrus's We Can't Stop, fell two places to number three.
Goulding's previous highest charting single was her cover of Elton John's Your Song, which peaked at two in 2010.
Burn features on the deluxe edition of the 26-year-old's album Halcyon, which also climbed seven places in the album chart to 19.
"It means the world to me to be number one at the moment," the singer told the chart compiler. "It was always my dream to have a UK number one single and it's been a long time coming."
See the UK Top 40 singles chart
See the UK Top 40 albums chart
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show
Elsewhere in the singles chart, there were four new entries in the top 20.
Arctic Monkeys' Why'd You Call Me When You're High - taken from their new album, AM, which is released next month - was at eight, while The Wanted achieved their ninth top 10 hit with We Own the Night at 10.
Ray Foxx's Boom Boom also entered the chart at 12.
In the album chart, Britain's Got Talent duo Richard and Adam Johnson held on to the top spot for a third consecutive week with their debut record, The Impossible Dream.
The brothers' album of classical renditions of standards such as The Power of Love and Unchained Melody is now tied with Justin Timberlake's The 20/20 Experience for the most consecutive weeks at number one this year so far.
Rudimental climbed five places to two on the chart, while Imagine Dragons remained at three.
White Lies had the highest new entry at four with Big TV, with Passenger's All The Little Lights rounding out the top five.
Whether it's being used as a swanky party venue, floating showroom or private vessel, the Xhibitionist is certainly a boat designed to turn heads. The 75 metre long vessel is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht which even comes with its own supercar. Designed by Swedish-based car designer Eduard Gray, the slick ship's interior is decked out in Art Nouveau decor, with classic touches like a Steinway piano, a dual staircase, and fine crystal Baccarat lighting. But you'll need Bruce Wayne's bank account if you want to buy one. The lead-in price is 2 million euros (£16million) for a 'basic' model. Keeping with its automotive theme, the Xhibitionist has space for a car showroom and 'engine room', complete with exposed engines displayed behind glass walls. Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-hood-like deck to power the ship, and the panels double up as a concert space or helipad with space for three helicopters. The fly deck even features a Jacuzzi, and by night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting. As for the Xhibitionist's price? 'As far as investments go, the 75 m luxury yacht Xhibitionist concept resembles more of a real estate and marketing venture than a yacht.' If you have to ask, you know you can't afford it. Scroll down for video . Is it a boat, is it a car? No, it's a megayacht. The supercar designer's megaboat costs more than £16 million . The 229ft-wide Xhibitionist is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht designed by Swedish supercar designer Eduard Gray . Holy moley! A good sized helipad on deck ensures A-listers can be flown in if needed . Shiny shiny: Believe it or not this is actually the inside of the boat. It feels as large as an airplane hangar, but with an Art Nouvea vibe . Can we make it a car showroom? Apparently so, this boat is big enough to take an entire fleet of Bentleys . Opulence: Sofa space for chilling out, tick. But where's the television? And where better to chill out and watch the sunset than atop the deck... hang on, is that a band playing up there? It may look like a deep sea creature from the abyssal plains but this is just the megayacht with its lights on after dark . And of course every megayacht needs a megacar for those all important onshore errands. Right, have we run out of champagne again? Slimline: Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-bonnet-like deck to power the ship . And so to bed: By night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting .
By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Mollie King landed herself a modelling contract earlier this year - and it seems that another member of The Saturdays is giving her a run for her money. Vanessa White, known as the 'party girl' of the pop group, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women’s Special Talent division. Vanessa, 24, will be joining a roster of top UK faces including Agyness Deyn and Sienna Miller, as well as talents such as Laura Whitmore, Millie Macintosh and Tom Odell. Scroll down for video . Looking good! Vanessa White, who found fame with The Saturdays, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women's Special Talent division . Select is proud to welcome Vanessa to their agency with a representative saying: 'We love her unique personal style and presence, as do her fans. 'At Select Model Management we choose to work with influencers who have a strong and confident image and Vanessa's style and infectious personality work perfectly for us. We know she has great things ahead of her.' Vanessa rose to fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. As one of the youngest of the group, Vanessa became the only member to sing a solo in every song of their debut album, Chasing Lights. Happy to have her: The agency, who has Sienna Miller on its books, says they are proud to welcome Vanessa because they love her unique personal style and presence . Finding fame: Vanessa rose to immediate fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records, is known as the party girl of the group . 'She has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed,' say her agency. Vanessa added: 'I am so excited to have signed with Select Model Management. I have always adored fashion and I can't believe I am now on the books of one of the biggest and most respected modelling agencies in the country. 'I feel so lucky to be amongst other great talent.' Love her look: The agency say that the 24-year-old has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed . Vanessa is currently dating Gary Salter, who she has been with for over two years and they attended Frankie Sandford's wedding together at Woburn Abbey in Bedfordshire on Saturday. The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection. With performances from September 7-23 nationwide, the girls will no doubt wow their fans with a re-cap of their most successful pop moments. Girl group: Frankie Sandford, Una Healy, Rochelle Wiseman, Vanessa White and Mollie King of The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection . Where it all began: The five piece group started on their journey in 2009 and have since become one of the most successful girl groups of the decade .
(CNN) -- Spanish La Liga side Malaga have continued their recruitment drive with the purchases of French midfielder Jeremy Toulalan from Lyon and experienced Dutch central defender Joris Mathijsen from Hamburg. The 27-year-old Toulalan, who represented France at both Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup finals, has agreed a four-year contract and will be presented by the club at the end of June. He joined Lyon from Nantes in 2006 for $10.5 million, and is a regular for his country -- winning 36 international caps. German striking legend Klose completes move to Lazio . Meanwhile, Mathijsen, 31, spent five successful seasons at Hamburg and has won 72 caps for the Netherlands, playing in last year's World Cup final defeat by Spain. Malaga are owned by Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani, who has invested a lot of money into the squad, since purchasing the club in June 2010. They flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th in the table and coach Manuel Pellegrini has brought in the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Julio Baptista, Enzo Maresca and Martin Demichelis over the past year to launch a challenge for a Europa League place this season. Meanwhile, Premier League side Newcastle have made their second summer signing with the capture of Senegalese striker Demba Ba from relegated West Ham. Ba, 26, had a clause in his contract which allowed him to move on if West ham were relegated, and he joins French midfielder Yohan Cabaye in arriving at St James' Park. The signing makes some amends for Newcastle, who this week lost club captain Kevin Nolan, ironically to West Ham. The 28-year-old Nolan, the highest scoring midfielder in the Premier League last season with 12 goals, signed a five-year deal with the London side to be reunited once again with his former manager at Bolton, Sam Allardyce.
A postman has been jailed for stealing hundreds of packages containing valuables and then making £15,500 by selling them online. Andrew Barratt, 49, took an estimated 400 items such as satnavs, digital cameras and computer games which his wife Michelle, 38, then auctioned on eBay. Their scam was foiled in April 2012 when Royal Mail investigators posted an iPad with a tracking device. It failed to arrive and was followed to their home in Stockport. Andrew Barratt, 49, was jailed for 15 months while his wife Michelle (left) was given 120 hours' unpaid work . Barratt, a postman for 14 years, was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked. He was jailed for 15 months after admitting theft and converting criminal property. His wife was given 120 hours' unpaid work after pleading guilty to converting criminal property. At Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, Judge Leslie Hull said they had run 'a thoroughly dishonest scheme'. Barratt was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked from his position as a postman at Royal Mail . Most of the items had been sent out by Amazon – which had reported around 2,000 lost packages in the postcodes where Barratt worked. An eBay account under the name 'ShellB76' run by Mrs Barratt was found to have sold 463 items – most of them electrical goods – since June 2010. Their retail value was almost £21,000. Two of the items – a camcorder and a Sony Walkman – had been reported stolen to police. She told detectives she had bought the items at car boot sales, despite the fact many of the sales were computer games which had been released just days earlier. The couple eventually pleaded guilty on the day of their trial. Defending Mr Barratt, Milena Bennett said he had stolen the goods while 'self-medicating' psoriasis with cannabis and amphetamines. A Royal Mail spokesman confirmed Barratt was sacked and said they seek to prosecute any members of staff who tampers with mail. He said: 'Royal Mail has a zero tolerance approach to any dishonesty and that stance is shared by the overwhelming majority of postmen and women. 'We will not allow the actions of any individual to damage the good reputation of our thousands of hard-working postmen and women. 'It is a criminal offence to tamper with or delay the delivery of mail and anyone caught doing so will face serious disciplinary measures. 'Royal Mail will always seek to prosecute the tiny minority of people who abuse their position of trust.'
A woman in China has been slammed online after she prevented firefighters from breaking the window of her luxury car in order to rescue her trapped three-year-old son.

 China's state broadcaster CCTV reported that the incident, which occurred in the city of Yiwu in Zhejiang province last Saturday (July 11), triggered an outpouring of anger on social media.

 Large crowds had gathered after hearing the boy's cries of help coming from within the BMW, but were surprised to find his unperturbed mother standing outside the car.

 With the boy growing visibly weaker as he clawed in vain against the car window, firefighters attempted to break the window but were stopped by the mother.

 An eyewitness said the mother insisted that they wait for a locksmith to unlock the car door as she did not want to damage the car. But the firefighters ignored her and ended up smashing the window to rescue her son.

 "It is very dangerous to leave kids inside the car, especially in such heat," one firefighter was quoted as saying.

 "The temperature inside the car can soar in a very short time and threaten the child's life."

 Netizens expressed shock and disgust at the woman's actions.

 One wrote sarcastically: "Looks like the car window is her real son." ||||| BMW logos are displayed on a production line in Berlin. Reuters

 This post has been updated since it was first published. See note below.

 China’s Internet has lit up with debate this week after reports of a mother who left her young son alone in her BMW – then refused to smash the luxury car’s windows in order to rescue him from the heat.

 The mother, who has not been named in Chinese news reports, has since denied that she opposed smashing the window and says that she tried to break it herself, to no avail.

 Advertisement

 The incident took place last Saturday night, when firefighters in the city of Yiwu in coastal Zhejiang province received a call alerting them that a child was locked inside a BMW, according to the Zhejiang Online provincial news site.

 When the firefighters arrived, they found a young boy sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, crying and prying at the glass, the report said, citing one of the rescuers. The child had already been trapped in the car for about an hour, it said, and two locksmiths were already at work trying to open the door, while a large crowd was gathered around watching.

 According to Zhejiang Online, the firefighters began to negotiate with the child’s mother, who urged them to wait for the locksmiths to open the door. After several minutes they were still unsuccessful, and the crowd began to condemn the mother. Finally, the report said, the firefighters insisted on smashing the glass, saving the frightened child.

 Days after the initial report, the mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that the incident had been misunderstood. In an interview published Wednesday, she said that she had tried to break the window using a stone and hammer, and then called the police after her efforts failed. She maintained that she had hoped the locksmiths could open the door as the breaking glass could frighten or injure her 17-month-old son trapped inside.

 The Hangzhou-based newspaper also quoted a firefighter who defended the mother and said the confusion could have arisen because she “didn’t say anything” when he initially asked for permission to break the window.

 Photos posted online by the website showed large crowds of onlookers blocking a main street as they gathered around a fire engine and the black luxury car.

 On China’s Weibo microblogs – where reports of the incident had received more than 7.6 million views as of Thursday afternoon – users responded with fury to the initial report, with many arguing that the mother’s behavior was an example of values gone awry in modern China.

 “It’s clear that for this mother, a car is more important than her child,” one Weibo user wrote.

 “Leaving a child trapped in a car on such a hot summer day, and then refusing to smash the window? Do you really want your child to suffocate?” wrote another.

 Remarked another: “If you encounter this kind of situation, the answer is simple: First smash up the parents, then smash the glass.”

 After the mother’s defense, however, some users directed their rage at the media, arguing that the tale was only the latest case of a news story being blown out of proportion.

 “Some journalists know that ‘Dog Bites Man’ isn’t really news, so they try to rewrite it as ‘Man Bites Dog,’” one Weibo user wrote Thursday morning. “In the end they just cause a big stir.”

 China has experienced dazzling economic growth in recent years, and with it has come soul-searching over whether public values have now shifted toward the pursuit of material wealth at any cost.

 Owners of glitzy cars have become a particular scourge, with 80% of respondents in a Hurun Research Institute survey last year saying that they had heard negative news reports involving drivers of luxury vehicles. 70% of the bad publicity was related to BMW owners, the survey said.

 –Felicia Sonmez. Follow her on Twitter @feliciasonmez.

 (Note: This post has been updated to include comments from the mother and local rescuers in news reports published Wednesday, and subsequent reactions among social media users.)

 Sign up for CRT’s daily newsletter to get the latest headlines by email.



 For the latest news and analysis, follow @ChinaRealTime



  ||||| Chinese drivers of BMW cars are seen as newly rich, materialistic showoffs by drivers of other luxury brands. Yet such owners consider themselves relatively discreet entrepreneurs with a positive outlook on life.

 That’s just one of the findings of a survey of luxury car owners in China published Wednesday.

 The survey, conducted by wealth research firm Hurun Research Institute, compared the images of eight foreign luxury brands vying for a spot in the country’s luxury car market, which is widely expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s biggest in the next few years.

 But an anticorruption drive by the Chinese government is changing how those living the high life are perceived by a Chinese public that increasingly frowns on ostentatious displays of wealth.

 According to the report, 80% of all respondents had heard negative news about luxury car owners, which in years past have included a famous 2011 incident in which one BMW owner, son of a famous military singer, attacked a couple during a road rage episode. Of the bad publicity, 70% was related to BMW owners.

 The survey didn’t list similar statistics for other brands.

 BMW didn’t respond to requests for comment Wednesday.

 One hundred car owners for each of the eight brands were surveyed in selected cities across China between February and October. Respondents, of which three-quarters were male, had an average age of 33.5 years and average family income of just over 1 million yuan, or around $175,000.

 The survey found that Audi has the most clearly defined image of all brands, with owners seen as mature, experienced government officials. For some prospective luxury car buyers this can translate into, well, kind of boring. Audi says the days of its brand being closely associated with Chinese bureaucrats have passed and that its image has undergone a transformation toward more vitality.

 Of the leading three German brands that dominate China’s market, the self-image of those who drive Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz aligns very closely with how drivers of other luxury cars perceive them—namely, as successful, cultured entrepreneurs.

 For what it’s worth, Mercedes drivers also had the highest income among participants.

 The image of more recent entrants into China’s luxury car market is also becoming more defined.

 Jaguar Land Rover’s sport-utility drivers are seen as young showoffs with new money, the survey found. Land Rover owners had the lowest level of education among survey participants. JLR said Land Rover caters to a broad range of customers in China with diverse backgrounds.

 General Motor’s Cadillac drivers were seen as mature and successful (so much for that young, trendy image GM has been spending heavily to cultivate for the brand—from hiring actor Brad Pitt for advertising campaigns to hosting glamorous launch parties on Shanghai’s iconic Bund and sponsoring funky art installations.)

 Infiniti drivers were seen as glitzy, glamorous movie-star types whom China Real Time reckons probably need to wait tables by day–Infiniti owners had the lowest income among those surveyed. Infiniti said it targets young-minded premium customers.

 As for Volvo? Drivers of the Chinese-owned Swedish brand are seen as—yawn–highly educated, valuable members of society who are family-oriented and morally upright.

 –Rose Yu and Colum Murphy

 Note: This item has been updated to reflect comment from Jaguar Land Rover.

 _____________________________________

 Also popular on China Real Time now:

 China’s Over-Reliance on Guaranteed Loans, in 3 Charts

 As China Cracks Down on Illegal Videos, Lovers of Foreign TV Mourn |||||
 Tony Adams wants the current Arsenal squad to stop calling him ‘Mr Adams’. He wants to stop having to tell them how it feels to be a winner because none of them know. He wants them to start writing their own history, starting with lifting the FA Cup at Wembley. It feels fitting that Adams is speaking at Repton Boxing Club in east London, in front of a black and white poster screaming ‘No Guts No Glory’. He is incredulous that Arsenal could be stifled by the tag of favourites and seems equally unimpressed as he explains Arsene Wenger believes he has a squad capable of winning the Champions League. Mr Arsenal: Tony Adams (left) won plenty of trophies as Arsenal skipper including the 1989 league title . Tear it down: Adams has been honoured with a statue, but wants this generation to write a new history . But then Adams, as he puts it, ‘likes winning things’. The former Arsenal captain can look back on four League titles, three FA Cups and two League Cups between 1987 and 2002. If his old club secure fourth place in the Barclays Premier League and the FA Cup this season it would only mean the campaign has ‘not been a failure; not like having to play in the Europa League like Tottenham’. He adds: ‘None of this Arsenal team knows what it’s like to win a trophy for the club. Arsene remembers, but not these players. ‘I did a Q&A with some of the players the other week, and all the questions about winning were coming to me because they didn’t have the answers. ‘I was talking to Carl Jenkinson and Kieran Gibbs and I was telling them: “You need to know how it feels just to get over the line” because it’s a weird feeling. ‘It was normal for us to win games. I’m not so sure this group of players has that. ‘They call me Mr Adams and stuff! I’m not sure I ever called older players “Mister”. Ambition: Wenger badly wants to win the Champions League after coming so close in 2006, says Adams . Learning to win: Adams has had to answer questions about success to both GIbbs (left) and Jenkinson (right) ‘I want them to be pushing me to the side and ripping my statue down and make their own history. ‘They’re lovely guys, but they need leadership. Mikel Arteta’s a good pro without being, for me, a great player, but he will say “come on”. ‘(Per) Mertesacker’s been more verbal this year. I had a go at Per at the beginning of the season and said: “You don’t have to be Mr Nice Guy, you don’t have to be liked.” You don’t just go through your career letting it go by and missing the moment.’ Adams believes Wenger had ‘10 easy years’ in his first decade at Arsenal, having inherited that famous back five and an ‘unbelievable squad’ of players ‘ready to be taught’. The 47-year-old thinks the Frenchman should sign a new contract at the club, regardless of the outcome at Wembley, but disagrees with Wenger’s optimism about the potential of his squad to win Europe’s most glittering prize. Leaders: Both Arteta (left) and Mertesacker (right) have had to learn to be more assertive this season . ‘I think Arsene really wants to win the Champions League,’ says Adams, ‘and I think he still thinks this group of players can do it for him. While he’s still got that belief, he’ll stick around. ‘If he thought that this squad couldn’t win him the Champions League I think he’d move on to Barcelona or a club that would deliver that for him before he goes to Paris Saint-Germain. ‘Do I share that optimism? No, I don’t. I don’t think the full backs are good enough. They’ve really struggled this year. ‘But I think Arsene should stay. I think, financially, he does fantastic for the club and there’s a great structure in place and better the devil you know. ‘He came in to take over an unbelievable squad, with an untapped French market, and he found a captain who had sobered up six weeks ago and was ready to grab life, instead of grabbing a pint, so a lot of his circumstances are to do with timing. ‘When the teacher appeared, that team was ready to run. I think he had 10 easy years, really.’ In conjunction with The European Azerbaijan Society and to mark World Refugee Week, Tony Adams is promoting a gala charity boxing night at York Hall, East London, on Friday 27th June. Tickets are available at www.Repton-Gabala.eventbrite.co.uk and proceeds will go to the Mo Farah Foundation.
(CNN) -- When looking at the world's lowest unemployment rates, one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia. Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3%, ranking them in the top six overall, according to tradingeconomics.com. "One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China," said George T. Haley, a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "New Asian Emperors: The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese." Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead. But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world. "The U.S., in its policies back during the Vietnam War, encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism," Haley said. "And over time, it just became a good place to invest. You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government, and you had the growing economy, which just fed on itself." Speaking of the U.S., its unemployment rate is 9.2%, which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries. While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia, take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt. Many countries define unemployment differently, so it's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions. It's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010. Many countries are not on this list because they haven't released their rates in years, if at all. So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25%, they are likely far from the world's worst. The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries, and eight of them are above 50%. Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95%. Other notable countries on the table: . *** America's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors, Mexico (5.2%) and Canada (7.4%). *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs, especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa. Tunisia, the first government to fall, had an unemployment rate of 13% one month before its revolution. Egypt's rate was just under 12% in March. Morocco, another country in North Africa experiencing unrest, reported a rate of 9.1%.  *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union. Ireland and Greece are both above 14%, while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4%. But it's Spain, at 21.3%, that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU.
By . Anna Hodgekiss . Doctors using Skype to check on a patient at home helped save her husband’s life when he collapsed in front of them. Medics were monitoring kidney patient Brenda Griffin via the internet when they saw her husband, Peter, who was sitting next to her, keel over. The hospital staff immediately dialled 999 and told Mrs Griffin how she could unlink herself from her kidney dialysis machine so she could help her 70-year-old husband. Medics who were monitoring Brenda Griffin while she underwent dialysis via the internet saw her husband Peter collapse on camera and were able to guide Mrs Griffin on how to unlink herself and help her husband . Paramedics were alerted and he was was rushed to hospital where it was discovered he had bowel cancer. Mrs Griffin, 65, from Draycott, near Derby, said: 'I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t been using Skype that day. 'Skype had already given me my life back because it meant I could have my treatment at home. Now it’s saved my husband as well.' Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology to speak to patients at home. Mrs Griffin uses Skype on her tablet (pictured) to talk to experts, which allows her to have her kidney dialysis treatment at home. Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology so that patients do not have to spend so much time in hospital . Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time. But the treatment was gruelling and left her exhausted, so doctors came up with an alternative solution. Instead of traipsing into hospital, she would be able to stay at home to have her dialysis treatment, speaking face to face with staff at the hospital’s renal unit via Skype on her Kindle tablet. Mrs Griffin, a retired receptionist, said: 'My husband had set up the machine for me but it was one of those days where we were having problems with it, so I decided to Skype the unit. 'While I was talking, Peter suddenly said he didn’t feel well. He sat down and then, all of a sudden, he passed out. 'The hospital was asking what was going on as Peter came around. He went to go and mop his brow but then he passed out again. Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time . 'At this point, I was tied up to my machine so I couldn’t do anything. Peter normally helps me out with it. 'So the hospital sent out for the paramedics and then guided me on how to take myself off it. By the time I had managed to take the needles out, the paramedics had arrived. 'If it hadn’t been for Skype, I don’t know what would have happened. It’s a wonderful thing.' Mr Griffin, a retired British Rail supervisor, was taken to hospital after his collapse last November. Tests revealed he had collapsed and felt unwell because he was suffering from bowel cancer. Doctors operated on him the following month and he is now receiving lower doses of chemotherapy at home, through tablets. The hospital is hoping to extend Skype consultations to other departments.
They say it is a result of significant increase in loss of human lives from attacks by wild animals.
The problem is especially acute in buffer zones between human settlements and national parks.
In recent years, Nepal has developed a successful protection programme for many endangered species.
The Chitwan National Park in southern Nepal has more than 500 rhinos, up from half that figure few years ago, and more than 125 tigers.
The Bardiya National Park in the west now has more than 80 elephants, almost 10 times as many as there were in the 1990s.
In the Himalayas, the numbers of endangered species like snow leopards and red pandas have been growing as well.
And the country has nearly 24% of its land area as protected areas, including national parks, conservation areas and wildlife reserves.
With all these achievements in nature conservation, however, Nepal has also witnessed a rising number of human deaths and property losses because of wildlife.
In the last five years, more than 80 people have been killed by wild elephants while 17 of the animals died in retaliatory killings, according to forest ministry officials.
Last month, local people in Chitwan, southern Nepal, staged a strike and demanded that a rogue elephant be killed after it had taken the lives of three people.
A few months ago, a leopard in western Nepal caused terror as it killed more than a dozen people within a matter of weeks.
In eastern Nepal, herds of wild elephants continue to rampage, demolishing human settlements and raiding crops.
Meanwhile, common leopards are increasingly attacking children and livestock in the hilly region.
Further north, in the trans-Himalayan region, locals continue to complain about snow leopards preying on their livestock.
Although forest ministry officials are yet to compile the latest data on these losses, they do admit that such incidents have gone up remarkably.
"Before, we used to record about 30 human deaths because of wildlife attacks annually but in the past few years the figure appears to have risen significantly," said Forest Ministry spokesman Krishna Acharya who, until recently, headed Nepal's Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation.
He added: "The time has now come for us to determine how many such wildlife species we can have in our protected areas."
WWF's Nepal country director, Anil Manandhar, said the problem had become quite serious.
"This is now something that could become the biggest threat and setback for Nepal's success in wildlife conservation," he explained.
Wildlife experts say human settlements known as buffer zones around national parks have become flashpoints for human-wildlife encounters.
"The numbers of rhinos and tigers are increasing in the national park and they are moving out in search of food and space. Meanwhile, the increasing human population needs more of the natural resources available, and that competition creates conflict," said Mr Acharya.
Most of Nepal's national parks and protected areas are either in the Himalayan region or in the Tarai area, the southern plain land that border India.
Yet, wildlife-related loss of lives and properties are also increasingly being seen in the mid-hill region, geographically located between the Himalayas and Tarai plain land.
Conservationists point at the growing number of attacks on children and livestock by common leopards because this region has seen huge success in community forestry.
"We have been hearing complaints from farmers that community forests have more wildlife than in some national parks and therefore they are suffering losses of lives and properties," said Yam Bahadur Malla, country director for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in Nepal.
He also suggested it was necessary to scientifically demarcate the boundaries of national parks, as some species involved in the attacks were sometimes found outside the existing boundaries.
Forest ministry officials, however, said the chances of expanding existing protected areas were very slim because Nepal had already made huge swathes of land available for nature conservation.
Mr Acharya said the details of plans to limit wildlife growth were yet to be worked out but he added that one of the ideas would be to relocate some of the wildlife species.
"We have listed nine such species that can be trans-located from where there are quite many of them to where there are very few and such species include animals involved in conflicts with humans," he said.
Mr Acharya also hinted that Nepal will now not commit to protect more wildlife than the amount its protected areas could sustain.
"For instance, we have said we will double the number of tigers to 250. But as we cannot expand our protected areas, we will not be able to commit more than that," he said.
"Nor can we add new conservation areas."
An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook announced that he is gay. The 6ft-high statue had been put up outside a college in St Petersburg in January 2013 by a Russian group of companies called West European Financial Union (ZEFS) to honour Jobs. However, in a statement on Monday, ZEFS said they had to abide by a law combating 'gay propaganda' and that the memorial had been removed. Scroll down for video . Removed: An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook (right) announced that he was gay . The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company,  publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay. 'In Russia, gay propaganda and other sexual perversions . among minors are prohibited by law,' ZEFS said, noting that the . memorial had been 'in an area of direct access for young . students and scholars'. 'After Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly called for sodomy, the . monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law . protecting children from information promoting denial of . traditional family values.' Dismantled: The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay . Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law prohibiting what he called the spread of 'gay propaganda' among minors, and promoting 'traditional values'. Putin claims gay people in Russia are not discriminated against, and the law was needed only to protect young people. However, members of the gay community say the law has led to increased problems for them. The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February. Anger: The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February . Cook said he had decided to come out to help move forward . civil rights, confirming a fact that had been widely known in . the Silicon Valley tech community but was rarely discussed. Vitaly Milonov, a St Petersburg lawyer and campaigner against gay rights was among those behind the new law and, according to Russian media, has called for Cook to be banned from visiting Russia. ZEFS companies offer a range of products and services in areas such as real estate, construction, advertising and micro-financing. ZEFS head Maxim Dolgopolov, who ordered the removal . of the monument, expressed opposition to personal sanctions in . Monday's statement, but supported the 'protection of traditional . values' by law. 'Sin should not become the norm. There is nothing to do in . Russia for whose who intend to violate our laws,' he said.
In 2004, Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War, and the conservative Bush didn't. Rather than avoid the topic, Bush supporters came up with the notorious "Swift Boat" campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry's war record to negate a major strength. Such "attack the strength" tactics have been a staple of this year's presidential race, with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other. The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement: the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The premise is simple: In a political environment where perception often trumps policy, mount early challenges to your opponent's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters. For example, the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney's successful business career, portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs. The purpose was to blunt Romney's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy, the most important issue to voters. Meanwhile, Romney's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare, the popular health care program for senior citizens. By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week, Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan's proposal to partially privatize Medicare, so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $700 billion out of the government-run system. Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue, according to independent assessments. Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney's company, Bain Capital, occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999. On Medicare, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits, as alleged by the Romney campaign. PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign's claim as "mostly false." To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp's maneuver on Medicare was "a brilliant move." "They are going to be attacked on it anyway. They have 'jujitsued' this," Bonjean told CNN on Friday, adding: "It's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now, which I think they are being very effective at." Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part. A video spot by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC backing Obama, sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital. The ad, which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast, was rated "false" by PolitiFact. Now, a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown. A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states, but refused to discuss donors. Over a picture of Obama, the video's narrator says that the group's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit. The organization, which describes itself as nonpartisan, shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria, Virginia. Its spokesman, Chad Kolton, worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, and its president ran for Congress as a Republican. To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution, the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry's war record. "Obama's strong suit actually is on national security," said West, the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings. "He's the guy who got bin Laden, and that's been a central claim of his campaign. So there's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit." The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled, and the head of special operations, Adm. William  McRaven, recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit. "Make no mistake about it: It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation, that made the hard decisions," McRaven said. Like other top officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations. The White House has denied leaking classified information, and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations. Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch, and they call for an independent investigation. The "attack the strength" tactic is nothing new, but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove, who guided Bush's two presidential campaigns . "Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives don't do, and it's really an element of why he's a unique figure in American political life," journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "Karl Rove: The Architect." "He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that, Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent." That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry, said Slater, co-author of the book "Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential." "The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam," Slater said in the PBS documentary, "and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry, not his weakness." Others clearly  took notice. In attacking Romney's background at Bain Capital, the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign. Gingrich's criticism that Romney's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans. In response, Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee.
Google's Ad Preferences page shows you the profile Google has built up of your interests - based on information gleaned from your visits to site's within Google's advertising network . IT has been said that Google knows more about what you like than your own partner . Now the search giant has given a glimpse on just how much information it has collected - and who thinks you are. But it seems the famed Google algorithms are far from infallible. And people taking advantage of the facility that allows the public to view what kind of consumer Google thinks they are have been amused to find themselves listed with the wrong age and even sex. Nevertheless, the knowledge that Google works so hard to profile its 350m account holders is bound to intensify the debate about privacy which flared up again this week with the announcement that the company was going to start tracking users across all of its sites, including YouTube. The detailed personal 'profile' sums up many of a user's interests, along with age and gender. Google builds a detailed profile by harvesting the history of its account holders' visits to sites in its advertising network. But your age and gender are decided by those of other Google users who have visited the sites you visit, leading to the mistakes. 25 years out and the wrong gender. HmmmmPenny, LondonThis says I'm 65+ and male... last time I checked I was 42 and female!Lu, Madrid, SpainIt seems I've aged 20 years because I like home, gardening and cats. I may well turn into the mad cat lady in 20 years, but I'm not there yet! Sharon, Herts . One blogger from tech site Mashable found this week that Google's Ad Preferences page assume that she was middle-aged - and a man, simply because her interests included technology and computing. The profile page, called Ad Preferences, is hidden away inside a settings menu in Google Accounts, but can be accessed directly here. This sort of in-depth profiling raises alarm bells with privacy activists. 'Consumers have increasingly digital lives and they are developing an unfathomably large data trail every day,' says Rainey Reitman, activism director for privacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. 'There has never been another time in history where privacy was under the kind of assault it is today.' You can opt out of the tracking, or manually edit your details. Google also  does not store information on controversial subjects such as pornography. The Ad preferences page came to public attention following a sweeping change to 'privacy policy' which comes into effect on March 1, although the preferences page was launched some time ago. YouTube data, Gmail information and search data will all be used to build up ever more accurate advertising profiles and also the company claims it will make searches more personalised. The Mashable writer's interests meant that Google Ad Preferences identified her, wrongly, as being both middle-aged and a man . In most cases, though, the data is eerily accurate, bringing up a breakdown of interests, age and sex. The Advertising Preferences information that Google gathers . is sent out as a 'cookie' - a packet of information sent out by your . browser - whenever you visit other Google partners, who then serve up 'relevant' adverts when you visit their sites. Users who are fearful of the amount of information Google holds can block the profiling by disabling 'cookies' in their internet browser settings. Google says, 'We associate interests with your ads preferences based on the types of websites that you visit within the the Google Display Network.' 'For example, when you browse many gardening-related websites in the the Google Display Network, Google may associate a gardening preference with your cookie.' 'If the sites that you visit have a majority of female visitors, we may associate your cookie with the female demographic category.' Some users reported that Google had identified bizarre interests such as 'Sweets and Candy', and was duly serving them adverts appropriate to that 'interest'. You can manually change your 'interests' from your Ad Preferences page - although you cannot, of course, stop Google from sending you adverts.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking, few Western countries can compete with Britain. One of the world's prime financial centers, the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking. The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. With 23 banks, nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City, by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $22 billion. The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $531 billion. Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking, catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims. In 2004, the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB) opened its doors for the first time, becoming the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. A number of Britain's "big five" high street banks are getting in on the act. Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking, including mortgages, current accounts and trust funds for children. In the retail market, Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products. In the United States, only regional banks like University Bank, Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products. Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector. "In France, Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage. They are where we were three or four years ago," Sultan Choudhury, the IBB's director of sales told the Financial Times. British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims, but it is the British government's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world. Junaid Bhatti, who was involved with the setup of the IBB, told CNN: "Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking." The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent. Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth. Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN: "Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment. We're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK." Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches. Services include an Islamic current account, mortgage and child trust fund. Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain, with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $1.7 billion in 2007. But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem. Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks, equating it with "terrorist finance." "There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic," said Abdi Shayesteh, an attorney at law firm King and Spalding, which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s. "The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s," Shayesteh told CNN. With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout (and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services), Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market. "We have at least 3.6 million [potential customers] at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into," he explained. Even so, with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another, which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities, and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products, the market remains unexploited for now. E-mail to a friend .
By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 06:43 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:28 EST, 1 March 2013 . Elderly people who have difficulty remembering their way home could benefit from a new Android-powered walking stick with built in sat-nav. Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature. Concerned family members can also follow the smart cane's location online and receive email alerts of the device suspects its user may have fallen over. No more getting lost on the way back from bingo... Fujitsu showcased this sat-nav equipped walking stick aimed at the elderly and disabled at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona . The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take. As yet it cannot be merely queried for directions like a more typical GPS device like the ones in cars and on smartphones. Japan-based Fujitsu showcased the prototype device, which looks a little like an upside down golf club, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Pocket-lint reported. Technology for the elderly is a key concern in Fujitsu's home market, where more than 20 per cent of people are over 65 - the highest proportion of senior citizens of any country in the world. The smart cane comes equipped with various connection technologies, including GPS, 3G and WiFi, that allow it to find its way and send back information to the computer it is synced with. Technology for the older generation: Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature . Clear and easy to read: Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn . Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn. A carer using the host computer can see the location of the stick, as well as additional data about the user, such as heart rate, measured by a thumb pad on the handle, and how many times the cane is tapped on the ground. If there are any problems detected, the gadget can automatically alert the emergency services and guide them to its location, the BBC reported. Sync: The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take . Alongside the cane, Fujitsu also showed off its new smartphone designed for the 'mature customer, dubbed the Stylistic. It runs on a modified version of Google's Android OS which is designed to be easy to use for people who are not familiar with mobile technology, and can even change the frequency of audio to make calls easier for older ears to hear. The Stylistic will launch in Europe from June, beginning with France. There is no planned release date for the Next Generation Cane, but AllThingsD reports that Fujitsu had been impressed by the interest it received at the MWC and would bring it to market soon.
Their faces are etched with deep lines that reveal lives lived in hardship. Their expressions captured by UK-based artist and photographer Lee Jeffries, who strives to reveal the human face of addiction, the reality of homelessness and the real face of poverty through his work. Travelling the globe Mr Jeffries, who is a full-time accountant, has sought to capture the faces of those people shunned by society. His latest project took him to Miami in Florida. There he met Margo Stevens, a former porn star resigned to living on the streets of the Overtown district. Photographer Lee Jeffries has made it his mission in life to give a human face to poverty, addiction and homelessness. For his latest project he spent two weeks in Miami, where he met former porn star Margo Stevens (pictured) Ms Stevens (right) was a successful adult film star in the 1990s, living a comfortable life from the money she made, supplement by working as an escort. Today she lives on the streets of the Overtown district of Miami, in an abandoned garage with five other girls, who sell their bodies for sex to feed their drug addictions . In two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals Ms Stevens to be a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Pictured is a woman called Trish, who works on the streets using the name 'Snow' 'Her story is stark,' Jeffries told MailOnline. 'She is a beautiful person, whose story is both fascinating and tragic. 'She's been exploited her whole life, but still she remains incredibly human. 'Margo was a well-known porn star in the 1990s, she lived the life back then. But her fall to life now hit me hard.' Jeffries said he found Ms Stevens sleeping in an abandoned garage, meausring 12ft by 6ft, with five other girls. Most are addicted to heroin, and all live off the money they make as sex workers. He spent two weeks with Ms Stevens learning about the fate which befell her. After stripping in clubs in Cleveland for a living as a young woman, she fell into working in the adult film industry becoming an escort. For years she lived comfortably from the earnings she made. But eventually life dealt her a cruel hand. Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. Sex worker Trish is pictured without the wig she wears, when she assumes her alter ego Snow (picture above) Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers stories of survival, women driven to selling their bodies as a means of feeding their addiction struggling through life with nowhere else to turn. Pictured is Brittany . The girls in Overtown survive. Labelled "crack whores" some will use their bodies to get the next $10 fix and are often treated worse than stray dogs by the men there. Jeffries said: 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out.' A devastating spiral of homelessness, drug addiction and prostitution ensued. But in two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers a story of survival, a story of a woman driven to sell her body as a means of feeding her addiction with nowhere else to turn. 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. 'She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. 'She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out. 'But she is a human being, she looks out for other people. She is so much more than the drugs and the prostitution, the labels. She cares for the younger girls she stays with, often to the detriment of herself.' Jeffries hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. Pictured is Latoria . Ms Stevens is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. Pictured is Latoria . Of his work, Jeffries said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do' Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. In an interview filmed by Jeffries, Ms Stevens reveals her starting rate in the industry was $500 and the contracts she signed were such that she made no money off the continued reproduction of her performances. 'A lot of people in the industry are quite slimy,' she said. 'They do a lot of exploiting. There are a lot of things about the adult industry that need to change.' Addressing the financial exploitation, she adds: 'It makes me feel a fool. I'm responsible for that. I let that happen.' But when asked by Jeffries if she regrets her path in life, Ms Stevens tells the camera, 'no'. 'Not at all,' she said. It is a brave and honest answer, one which garners Jeffries' respect and admiration. Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page. Homeless man John is often spotted on Lincoln in South Beach making flowers out of palm leaves for tourists . An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity . Jeffries' work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Pictured is Smoke, he has been shot three times, once in the face a few years ago . He hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. For she is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. He said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do.' Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page, see below. An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity. His work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Another of Jeffries subjects is Cowboy, who sleeps rough on the streets of Overtown .
Bernard Gavrin, from Brooklyn, New York, who will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia this month, 70 years after he went missing during the Second World War . An American soldier will finally be buried with full military honours, 70 years after he went missing in action during the Second World War. The Department of Defense has confirmed that Army Private Bernard Gavrin from Brooklyn, New York, will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery after his remains were discovered only last year. According to the Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, Private Gavrin was just 29 when he was reported missing on July 7, 1944. His regiment has been in Saipan, Japan, in the Northern Mariana Islands of the western Pacific Ocean and came under heavy attack, suffering many casualties. Mr Gavrin was declared dead in July 1945 and by 1948, his remains were deemed non-recoverable. However, in recent years, excavations in Saipan by a Japanese non-profit group have turned up the remains of several American and Japanese soldiers from the Second World War. Last year the remains and personal items from American soldiers were uncovered and were handed over to the American government for testing. It then emerged that the remains of Mr Gavrin were among them after they were tested using a family member's DNA. Mr Gavrin's 82-year-old nephew David Rogers, of Delray Beach, Florida, said he was planning to be at the burial in the cemetery on September 12. He said it was 'absolutely incredible and unbelievable to all of us' that Gavrin would be laid to rest in 'the most honorable place you could be buried in this country.' Mr Rogers, whose mother was Gavrin's sister, said the private was the youngest of three children and had enlisted in 1940. He said the last time he saw his uncle was when he was eight-years-old and his uncle came to visit. Mr Rogers had injured himself, requiring stitches, and Mr Gavrin went to his bedroom. Mr Gavrin will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia on September 12 . 'He awakened me and kissed me on the forehead,' Rogers said. He also recalled how the loss of his uncle was shattering and said that when the telegram came to inform the family he was missing, that his grandmother, Mr Gavrin's mother, opened it. He added: 'She let out a scream that lives with me to this day.'
The RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains.
Labour urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate.
Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution.
The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas.
Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations.
"The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation."
The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system.
But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers.
A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "Everyone wants to see an end to these strikes, Scotland's rail passengers most of all.
"The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have engaged with both sides throughout to find a solution, which we still believe lies in meaningful discussion.
"To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all.
"The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers."
Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend.
Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow, Cumbria, in December 2012.
In January, a judge ruled she had been sexually assaulted by her father, Paul Worthington, who denies any wrongdoing.
He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in August 2013.
Reaction to the CPS announcement
Key dates in Poppi Worthington case
A CPS spokesman said: "The CPS has looked at the original decision in this case that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction - as we often do in other cases.
"We have reached the same conclusion."
In a statement released following the announcement, Poppi's mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she was "desperate" to understand more about the police investigation and the events leading up to her daughter's death.
Speaking on her behalf, solicitor Fiona McGhie, said: "She is angry and disappointed with the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service and wishes to be given time and space at this difficult time as we approach the inquest."
Cumbria Police, which is being investigated by the police watchdog, has been criticised over its investigation into the death, after it emerged officers failed to preserve vital items for forensic analysis.
Chief Constable Jerry Graham said the force "deeply regrets" the way the case was handled.
In January, Mr Justice Peter Jackson's ruling was made as part of care proceedings in the family court involving Poppi's siblings.
He concluded the force carried out no "real" investigation into the death of the toddler for nine months, and highlighted a list of basic errors in evidence-gathering.
Speaking after the CPS announced its decision, Mr Graham said the investigation had fallen "below standard".
He said: "I would like to make a full and heartfelt apology to Poppi's family and all those who loved her."
He said the main failings were not preserving potentially relevant evidence from Poppi's home and the length of time it took to interview family and key witnesses.
He also said forensic analysis was not carried out quickly enough and accurate records were not kept.
Prosecutors originally decided there was insufficient evidence "to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", but in January the CPS said it was reviewing the case.
Cumbria police and crime commissioner Peter McCall said: "I am disappointed that despite a re-investigation no criminal charges will be brought.
"The constabulary has let Poppi down as no-one has been brought to justice for her tragic death."
Barrow Labour MP John Woodcock said he was "bitterly disappointed" at the CPS decision and that Cumbria Police's mistakes had "thwarted the chance of ever getting justice for Poppi's death".
A second inquest into the toddler's death is due to take place in the autumn.
Sicily, Italy (CNN) -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean, scouring the blue seas below for signs of life. The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex, the European Union's border patrol agency. Its mission isn't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent's southern shores -- it's to save lives. The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily, including the area around Lampedusa, an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats. In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores, and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again. INFOGRAPHIC: How illegal immigrants enter the EU . The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight. Human trafficking in the region is big business, and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers. "On the missions, every week we find three or four targets of interest," the aircraft's captain told CNN. "The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex [give us the coordinates for] ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex." Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe. Often those vessels will be old, rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey. In some cases, sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well. On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat, which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe. OPINION: Europe's immigration nightmare just beginning . The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances. The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board, but they're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck. Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent. An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe, and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board. Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy, Greece or Malta. The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones, with over 400 people living on site. OPINION: EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize . One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria. He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued. "There was no food, [there was] excrement inside the boat. People were vomiting inside the boat, we were vomiting everywhere. It was horrible," he told CNN. Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again, he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe. Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo, one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe. He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea. Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean. "The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood. God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close," he said. But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances. That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd, when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic. OPINION: What's the place of outsiders in Europe? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans. At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank, but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship. He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck. "Some of us had parents or wives or children on there, we were part of that group. But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay," he told CNN. Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge, even though he cannot put numbers on it. He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months, but this year there has been no let-up. He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea, but also to the growing despair in places like Syria, Eritrea, and Nigeria, where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram. It does not look like those waves will stop. Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders, they might be able to contain migration for a while, but they will never be able to stop it.
Otsuchi, Japan (CNN) -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan's tsunami survivors. The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions. She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami; a hotel that had been in her family for generations. She was determined not to let the disaster break her. But after the elation of finding her son alive, the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade. She was in turmoil. She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her, if not more. They were "ganbaru," she recalls -- enduring, holding on, withstanding, and living with the pain. She couldn't be the only one to lose control. "I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone," she says, six months on from that terrible day. "I didn't know what to do from then on. I became tormented." That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair. It's a familiar story in Otsuchi, northeastern Japan, where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble. Today, much of that physical debris has been cleared away. But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove, as the mental scars from that day linger months later. In Ogawa's case, depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa, a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center. Morikawa became the difference between life and death. She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor hadn't been there for her. "I was so moved by her approach to life," recalls Morikawa. "She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much, but she also desperately wanted to get over that. I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation. I just helped her a little." Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are growing among mental health specialists working in the region. PTSD in particular, a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed, can show up months after the initial shock. Suicide is also a major concern in Japan. According to the World Health Organization, Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world. More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year, according to the country's national police agency, with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems. Mariko Ukiyo, a psychologist and volunteer counselor, is part of a therapy group called "Team Japan 300." She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides. According to Ukiyo, loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing. "It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life," she says. "The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens, you lose all hope for the future. I think this period is when they need help the most." But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan, a country with limited experience in mental health care historically. Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced. According to Ukiyo, the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak. Ukiyo's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere. This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants, observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress. The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems. But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region's future with trauma. "We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami," she says. She believes suicide rates will only increase. Meanwhile, Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim. She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future. She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her. While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa, he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region. "Now that I have met these people, I have grown attached to them," he says. "It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here. I can't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to."
Former Prime Minister John Howard has been allowed to go home after being rushed to hospital with heart problems earlier this week. The 75-year-old was taken to the emergency department at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital on Monday. He had been playing a round of golf when he suddenly felt tightness in his chest, the ABC reports. Former Prime Minister John Howard was released from hospital on Friday after feeling a tightness in his chest . Mr Howard had two stents inserted at North Shore Private after two blockages were found in his arteries. He did not suffer a heart attack, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The former MP is now recovering at home after being discharged on Friday. A spokesperson said he would be back in his office by next week. He was rushed to Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital in the middle of a golf game and had two stents inserted .
(EW.com) -- This week's episode of "How I Met Your Mother" featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker. After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress, a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter. Tear up? Join the club. But would you have guessed that the moment wasn't even part of the greater plan for the season? "We had a week of treading water, to be honest," says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays. "We have the arc of the season going, but this was one week where there wasn't one, specific big event happening. We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward." So, he says, they took a "step back," and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series. "We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons," he jokes. Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we've been with the gang. But as Bays sees it, it's also a great reminder of where we're going -- without giving everything away. Yes, he admits, they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we wouldn't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now. "He's so good at making that look natural," he says, laughing. "He's a magician; he's good with his hands. He knows what he's doing" But does Barney? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man. To be fair, Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track. But after just a few episodes of courting, they're living together...and liking it! Is it all too fast? Bays doesn't think so. "I think Barney is in love. At a certain age, you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most," he says. "And I think that's Quinn right now for Barney." The best way to show that, he says, was to break barriers -- by breaking wind. "We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years, and we did pretty well without it. And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away: You're going to be embarrassed that you're doing it at the table read, and you know that in the final cut, it's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh," he says. "And it's not 'Blazing Saddles' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans â€” it's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship. It's a big relationship moment." So where do they go from here? For one, Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly, he says, and next week, we'll see more from Robin (Colbie Smulders) than we did in this episode. "Robin, there is some excitement in her life coming up, especially next week's episode," he says. When we pick up, Robin and Ted still aren't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship. "We went for the reality of those situations," he says. "I feel like on this show we've gone as far as we can go where it's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out, with these big thing happen to them that don't really change things. Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted's in love with her, and she's not in love with him. It's complicated." But, not to worry, he says. "I feel like [there's] a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close." See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
By . Dave Wood . Luis Suarez has little to smile about following his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini but fans were queuing up to have a laugh at his expense. A poster featuring the Uruguay striker baring his teeth became a major attraction on Copacabana Beach in Rio as it provided the perfect backdrop for a photo opportunity. FIFA announced on Thursday that Suarez was suspended from all football-related activity until the end of October and he would miss Uruguay's next nine internationals. The news was relayed to commuters over the travel message boards on London Underground. VIDEO Scroll down for hilarious Suarez gif depicts the the Uruguay striker as Jaws . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . It didn't take long for Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Chiellini to viral - although perhaps people were expecting it. Within . moments of the Uruguay striker appearing to sink his teeth into . Chiellini's shoulder fans were scanning the net for photos and video . clips of the incident. And quick-thinking internet wizzes were putting together their best efforts to create viral jokes soon after. On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On the ball: The news broke just before the busy evening rush hour . Viral: This was tweeted supposedly depicting Luis Suarez as a child with a Hannibal mask on . Solid gold: Suarez picked up another award after a great season, according to some on Twitter . Yummy: Snickers' Twitter account got in on the act by publishing this viral with #luissuarez . Starving: Suarez's head has been added to the game Hungry Hippos as well . He's got my arm! Suarez (right) is depicted as having taken off Chiellini's arm with his bite . They've got him! Suarez depitced being captured like a dog following his biting incident . There's something in the water... Suarez is depicted as Jaws in this viral . Jokes: At least some could see the funny side of Suarez's actions - including some edited Panini stickers . Chez Suarez: Which other footballers could be on the menu? Biter: @SBNation cast Suarez as blood-sucking vampire Dracula after he appeared to aim a bite at Chiellini . Reaction: Hilarious vine depicting what Chiellini's response to the Suarez incident would be . An Argentinian twitter user was subjected to abuse on the social media site as fans confused him for Luis Suarez. Diego . Suarez, whose twitter handle is @Suarez, received so many vile tweets . that he said he was considering closing his account down. 'Please . stop I am not Uruguayan, I am not Luis Suarez' the unfortunate . Argentinian tweeted. 'I am not Luis Suarez, there are many Suarez in the . world'. Chiellini was subject to a shocking attack by Liverpool forward Suarez, who sunk . his teeth into his opponent just before Diego Godin's matchwinner in Uruguay's 1-0 win. It . wasn't the first time that the Uruguayan has sunk his teeth into an . opponent. Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and PSV Eindhoven's Otman Bakkal . were previous victims in 2013 and 2010 respectively. Christmas stocking filler: The Suarez bottle opener would probably be a best-seller if it was real . Spot the difference: Luis Suarez sinks his teeth into Branislav Ivanovic . Doubled up: And then of course there was another Suarez heat-map, this time showing his impact on Chiellini . Better option: Chicken chain Nando's were one of the first to reach out to the Uruguay striker with other options . Fancy an Italian? And Bella Italia were quick to follow up with an offer at one of their 90 UK restaurants . Proof: Some even joked about FIFA's overused goal line technology that has been noted during the tournament . How many times: Suarez's previous misdemeanors had not gone unnoticed by football fans online . Sniggers: Was Suarez's bite because he hadn't eaten before kick-off in the Group D decider? Bite over bark: Suarez has been likened to Jaws before and again he is proving it's not safe to be around him . VIDEO Suarez in another biting storm .
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:47 EST, 22 July 2013 . Children born in Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle and New York, a fascinating new study has shown. Top economists at Harvard and University of California, Berkeley analyzed millions of anonymous earnings records to compare income mobility across metropolitan areas - and the results are surprising. Living in an area with higher average incomes, larger tax credits for the poor or more local colleges does not necessarily improve the chances of someone rising beyond the station of their birth. But four broad factors did appear to have an affect, researchers pointed out, and they included the size and dispersion of the local middle class. The city where you live: The interesting study found the odds of rising to another income level are notably lower in certain cities, like Atlanta, and much higher in places like New York . If all else was equal, Americans living in cities with poor families more dispersed among mixed-income neighborhoods are more likely to climb the income ladder. Children growing up in areas with more two-parent households, better elementary schools and high schools, and more civic engagement, including membership in religious and community groups, were also more able to pull themselves out of poverty and up the income scale. 'Where you grow up matters,' Nathaniel Hendren, a Harvard economist and one of the study’s authors, told The New York Times. 'There is tremendous variation across the U.S. in the extent to which kids can rise out of poverty.' Atlanta: Children born in Atlanta, pictured, are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in other cities . Where you lived matters less for well-off children than for middle-class and poor children, the researchers found. The chances that wealthy children grow up to be wealthy are broadly similar across all cities it appears. Metropolitan areas with larger black . populations had lower upward-mobility rates, but the researchers . believed this was not primarily because of their race. For example, both . white and black residents of Atlanta have low upward mobility, The . Times reported. Interestingly . Atlanta and Seatle have a similar average income, yet the difference . between upward mobility rates in the two cities are stark. On . average, fairly poor children in Seattle — those who grew up in the . 25th percentile of the national income distribution — do as well . financially when they grow up as middle-class children — those who grew . up at the 50th percentile — from Atlanta, according to The Times. Moving up the ladder: The study found children living in parts of California and the Northeast were far more likely to climb the income ladder than areas with the same average income in other parts of the country . Yet, children who moved from a city with poor rates of income mobility to a city with higher mobility rates at a young age were found to do almost as well at climbing the income ladder as kids who lived their whole lives in the latter region. If they moved as teenagers, however, they did less well, suggesting the characteristics of different regions rather than something inherent and unchangeable in the residents is responsible. The researchers pointed out that their data allowed them to identify only correlations not the causes for the intriguing patterns they discovered.
The two pieces of debris were found separately by members of the public and were flown to Australia for analysis.
Darren Chester said the finds were "consistent with drift modelling" of how debris from the missing plane may have been carried by ocean currents.
MH370 vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board.
It was flying from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and is widely believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean after veering off course.
The fate of the plane, its passengers and crew remains one of aviation's biggest unsolved mysteries.
The only confirmed piece of debris found so far has been a section of wing called a flaperon, which was found on the Indian Ocean island of Reunion.
One of the parts retrieved in Mozambique was found on a sandbank by an amateur US investigator in late February and the other in December by a South African tourist.
Mr Chester said the investigation team had finished examining the debris and found both were "consistent with panels from a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft".
"The analysis has concluded the debris is almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement.
He said it showed that the vast deep-sea search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean, being led by Australia, was focusing on the right place.
The search, also involving experts from China and Malaysia, is scanning the sea floor, much of it previously unmapped, in the hope of locating the wreckage.
Mr Chester said it would continue for now, with 25,000 sq km (10,000 sq miles) of ocean still be to searched.
"We are focused on completing this task and remain hopeful the aircraft will be found."
But the three countries have said that barring significant new evidence, they will end the operation once the area has been fully searched. The search is expected to be completed in the coming months.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
About 30 people had been living in tents on St Peter's Square, outside the Central Library, since 15 April.
Manchester City Council had been issued a warrant to close the camp, with campaigners losing an appeal.
The demonstrators have now set up another settlement about half a mile away, in St Anne's Square.
Police and bailiffs arrived at about 08:00 BST to break up the St Peter's Square camp.
Some protesters packed up their tents and equipment and left the area peacefully, but others resisted.
Campaigners said they wanted to highlight a crisis in temporary housing and the plight of homeless people.
The council said some demonstrators had been behaving "entirely inappropriately" in a public area.
Deputy Leader of Manchester City Council Bernard Priest said: "While it is entirely legitimate to raise concerns about homelessness, there have been issues with offensive graffiti and other forms of vandalism, fighting, public urination, street drinking, litter and loud music being played.
"The camp has now cost the council and Greater Manchester Police more than Â£88,000 in additional policing, security and legal costs. In the current climate, this is not an extra cost any public body can shoulder lightly.
"Over the last month, our homelessness service has provided support and advice to more than 20 members of the camp - as they work regularly with other homeless people across the city - and officers were present prior to and during the eviction to provide accommodation to anyone willing to accept it."
(CNN)  -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore. Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons, and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11. Despite the close ties -- "she called me mommy and she was my daughter" -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore's marriage to Ryan Jenkins. The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas, Nevada, wedding. An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins, a reality TV contestant. Authorities believe he's fled to Canada. Fiore's body was found Saturday, stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County, California. Interviewed from San Francisco, California, Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore. "She didn't tell me that she married him. She told me [about] the day that they met, which was St. Patrick's Day," Beauregard said. "She called me the day after and she said: 'Mommy, I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan.' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was. And that was all I knew." Beauregard told King she's never met Ryan Jenkins. Mike Fleeman, the West Coast editor of People.com, described more details of Fiore's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King. "They met in Las Vegas. Two days later [in March], they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel. That's, of course, where Britney Spears got married," Fleeman told King. "It was a quickie wedding. We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding. One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel. A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married. They kept it under wraps. And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning," Fleeman said. Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December. Beauregard told King that Fiore, who was 28 when she died, started modeling in her early 20s. Despite their deep bond, Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother, Lisa Lepore. "She was close to her mother, as well, but it was a different type of closeness." Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed. Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation. "It was very clear from the very beginning, when they found her body in a piece of luggage, that we weren't dealing with a serial killer. I knew it was somebody who knew her and [that her killer] wanted to make sure that she was not identified," Brown said. "This is why he [the suspect[ ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth. He even got smart. He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID, took away her clothes, put her in the luggage, probably because it's one way to get her of an apartment. And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it, she'll decompose, they'll never be able to identify her," Brown said. Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "Megan Wants a Millionaire" and "I Love Money 3." "This is a very arrogant man," Brown said. "Megan said it right on the show. She said he's a manipulator. He is. He has evidence of psychopathy there." The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore's circle of friends hard. "Ryan Jenkins is an animal," said Robert Hasman, a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years.  Watch Hasman speak out » . "What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable. It's just not right." He described her as "a beautiful person who was a very caring individual." Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "Larry King Live" that Jenkins is the only suspect. "There is no indication that anybody else might be involved," he said. "We believe he's armed because there's a handgun missing from his apartment, which is the last place he was before ... he fled. So it appears that he's armed. And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.
Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury, ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video, which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig, analysts said Sunday. And if there's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig, it's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group, also known by the acronym ISIL, said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation, an anti-extremist think tank. "As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL, we will find that they try and show that they are still strong, try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been, and unfortunately one of the things we'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric," he said. "I think it's a sign of desperation," he said. "I think it's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack, they're under siege and they're struggling." The video, released online Sunday, shows the aftermath of a beheading, in which the victim is not clearly recognizable. The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig. Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam in captivity, also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig. He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker, feeling compelled to help victims of war. The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government, which is also battling ISIS forces. "It can't be said enough," said CNN's Nic Robertson. "This is the most barbaric they've done so far." The carefully produced video is clearly "a prize piece of propaganda for them," Robertson says. It also differs from others produced by ISIS. It doesn't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death. Nor does it name the group's next victim. It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS' orders when it comes calling, said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini, a counterterrorism expert. "What ISIS is telling them is, 'When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you, you know what the consequences are if you say no,'" Ruffini said. But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide, said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "Spider" Marks. Has ISIS peaked? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq . It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey. "Clearly there are no coincidences," Marks told CNN on Sunday. "This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and, I would say, the results of those activities." Since beginning airstrikes in August, U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics, slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations. Last week, President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters. More recently, U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight. In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Dempsey said commanders are "certainly considering" the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul, currently held by ISIS. In Sunday's video, the narrator taunted Obama to do just that. Hostages tortured before beheadings .
By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has risked his own life to save a little boy from suffocating after he was left dangling from a building with his head trapped in a window grid. Neighbour Zhou Bo went outside of his own property after hearing a commotion in the street in Lingwu, Ningxia, China. It was then he spotted the young boy dangling from a fourth-storey window with his head wedged between metal bars. Helping hand: Zhou Bo went to the aid of a young boy left dangling from a fourth-storey window after getting his head stuck in a grid in Lingwu, Ningxia, China . Dangerous: Zhou Bo managed to prevent the boy from suffocating by holding him up by his feet while also balancing on stool perched on a window sill . He said: 'I went there, and saw a boy dangling in the air, as his head was stuck in between the window grid.' Zhou could see that the boy was suffocating as his feet had nothing to stand on. He dashed inside and raced up to the flat but found the door locked. He then went one floor below but discovered that the gap between that window and the dangling boy was too great. Zhou said: 'Without help, the boy would be suffocated soon, or he has the danger of dropping down'. So Zhou found a chair and balanced it precariously on the third-storey window ledge before standing on it and supporting the trapped boy's feet from underneath. 'I felt time froze, and my arms went numb but firemen still didn't arrive,' said Zhou. Finally, firefighters arrived 40 minutes later and were able to break into the apartment and pull the boy, who had been left home alone, to safety. Waiting game: Zhou Bo had to hold the position for 40 minutes until firefighters arrived at the scene . Safe and sound: The young boy pictured with his mother after being released from the window grid .
By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 29 November 2013 . He's often lauded as one of the world's most sexiest men - but David Beckham has revealed a distinctly un-sexy memory. The retired footballer has confessed to performing a sex act on himself while looking at calendar of Welsh footballer Clayton Blackmore as part of his initiation into Manchester United's youth team. The 38-year-old recalled how his Class of '92 teammates forced him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at eighties Reds legend Clayton Blackmore. Scroll down for video . Beckham's teammates required him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at a Clayton Blackmore calendar . Beckham revealed he had to look at Clayton Blackmore's calendar and do certain things to himself . The midfielder said he got the short-straw with his humiliation, revealing to the Metro: ‘One of mine was surprising! The Clayton Blackmore!’ Recalling his teen horror, he said: ‘Everyone had an initiation that you had to go through on the youth team, that was one of the most uncomfortable ones!’ 'The fact that I had to look at Clayton Blackmore’s calendar and do certain things, while looking at Clayton Blackmore…’ Forced to recall the humiliating ceremony on camera for a documentary on his former team, called 'The Class of '92', he said: ‘I was embarrassed when I was saying it on camera let alone talking about it more. But it’s something that we all had to go through. It was definitely something I wouldn’t like to go through again!' High jinks: Beckham joined the Manchester United Youth Team in 1992 and became firm friends with the other players . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates . Suppressing the memories: Becks said he got the short-straw with his humiliation . David Beckham, who has four children with wife Victoria, says he would rather forget the ritual . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates. His confession follows a series of revelations,including that Sir Alex Ferguson was . like 'the godfather' of Manchester United because of his totalitarian . approach to managing the club. He described the Reds' most-decorated manager as the 'godfather - and not in a good way,' to BBC Breakfast. 'Not in a bad way [either] but we were all very scared of him.' The former United midfielder admitted that players were 'scared' of the patriarch, renowned for his sharp Scottish tongue. The 38-year-old, who retired at the end of last season, also said he blew his first big pay packet on a flashy BMW. 'My first thing that I spent money on was a BMW. That was my first cheque from Adidas, and I just blew the whole thing in one go,' Beckham told the Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Absolute Radio. 'We started getting a little bit more money than we were in the youth team, you know, I went and blew it. I was still living in digs at the time, and I literally blew all my money on a BMW.'
America

 Staffers Walk Out Of Congress In Protest Over Brown And Garner Cases

 i itoggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images

 Dozens of congressional staff members walked out of the Capitol at 3:30 p.m. ET Thursday, in a show of support for protesters angered by recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

 Wearing suits, ties and overcoats, the staffers stood several rows deep on the steps of Capitol Hill before making the hands-up gesture that has come to symbolize frustration with the deaths of the two unarmed black men at the hands of police. They stood silently with their arms raised for a moment before disbanding and walking down the steps.

 While the event was spearheaded by the Congressional Black Associates, it also drew other staff members, including the Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association, according to CNN.

 A few members of Congress came out to the steps, including Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas. The short event included a prayer from U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black.

 The protest comes a week after Rep. Marcia L. Fudge, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said she was "deeply disappointed" by a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to level charges in the Garner case.

 Noting that the decision was similar to another jury's findings in Ferguson, Mo., Fudge wrote:

 "In the span of two weeks, this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear: there will be no accountability for taking Black lives. As an American, it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all." ||||| Story highlights Congressional staffers are planning to walk off their jobs Thursday at 3:30 p.m.

 Staffers said they are showing solidarity to communities affected by a decisions not to indict officers in killing unarmed black men

 Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner in the wake of the decision by two grand juries not to indict the police officers responsible for their deaths, according to three staffers who plan to participate in the event.

 The planned walkout comes after days of protests across the country, including in Washington, D.C., where demonstrators have marched through downtown, blocking roads and bridges on an almost nightly basis since last Wednesday's decision by a grand jury in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Garner.

 "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," said one staffer who was helping to plan the event.

 The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event, which is set to take place at 3:30 p.m., and is expected to draw at least 50 people. A staffer who planned to attend the protest said it was important to show support across racial lines.

 "I believe it's important, because what affects one community really affects the entire country," the staffer told CNN. "It's not just one group of minorities that's affected. How one group is treated affects Asians, Hispanics, women. It's important that we show our solidarity and come together and really speak out about the injustices that are being done."

 The group will gather in front of the Capitol and plan to take a photo at 345 p.m. U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black is expected to pray for the grieving families and to pray for peace.

 The US Capitol dome is cocooned in scaffolding on October 28, 2014 in Washington, DC as it undergoes its first comprehensive repairs in more than half a century a century. The two-year, USD 60 million project is aimed at repairing nearly 1,300 cracks that have emerged in the nine-million-pound (4.1-million-kilogram) cast iron dome, according to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) office. Construction on the dome began in 1855. Work symbolically continued through the US Civil War and the structure was eventually completed in 1866. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read )

 "We're not trying to cause any type of controversy," one staffer told CNN. "We're just trying to highlight this issue, to show solidarity with people who have been affected."

 Chaplain Black has drawn attention before for his topical prayers. Last year during the budget battle that shut down the government for 16 days, he opened each session with a prayer appealing the lawmakers to end the impasse.

 "Obviously, there are probably some people who feel that my prayers should not have been as pointed as they were," Black told CNN's Anderson Cooper after the shutdown had ended. "My prayers simply reflect the reality of the environment that I am in."

 Black could not be reached immediately reached for comment ahead of the event. ||||| Over a hundred black congressional staffers and several black lawmakers staged a walkout at the Capitol this afternoon, leading a silent protest on the steps of the Capitol over the recent police killing involving Ferguson and Eric Garner.

 Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Marc Veasey, D-Texas, were among the lawmakers participating in the walkout. Senate Chaplain Barry Black led the group in prayer, saying they were working as a “voice for the voiceless.”

 “Today as people throughout the nation protest for justice in our lands, forgive us when we have failed to lift our voices for those who couldn't speak or breathe for themselves,” Black said. “May we not forget that in our national history injustice has often been maintained because good people failed to promptly act. Forgive oh God, our culpability in contributing to our national pathology as you keep us aware of our own capacity to be instruments of injustice.”

 Alex Wong/Getty Images

 After the prayer, the group stood on the steps of the Capitol, raising their hands in a gesture that has become symbolic of the Ferguson refrain –- hands up, don’t shoot. |||||
Economic inactivity refers to people of working age who are not seeking work.
Its rate in Northern Ireland is just under 27% and can cover students, people with health conditions, or those with caring or parenting responsibilities.
The UK average is 22%.
The strategy, called 'Enabling Success', has been jointly launched by Employment Minister Stephen Farry and  Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster.
The strategy involves 11 projects, based on the voluntary participation of individuals.
Three groups will be targeted - those with work-limiting health conditions or disabilities, lone parents and people with caring commitments.
"I recognise that there are some who will never be able to work due to the severity of their health conditions," Mr Farry said.
"However, there are many people with work-limiting conditions who, with the right support, may be able to participate."
Mrs Foster added that the problem could hold back the economy unless addressed.
"The strategy will seek to contribute to an increase in the employment rate in Northern Ireland and to increase our economic competitiveness and productivity in the global market," she said.
By 2030, the strategy hopes to have raised employment levels to above the UK average.
"The current employment rate here is 68.6% compared with a United Kingdom average of 73.4% and achieving this goal will be challenging," Mrs Foster said.
(CNN) -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine, showing the actor's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor. The man named executor in Coleman's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband's death by selling the image to the tabloid, and suggested she is destined for the "life of a social and professional outcast." Coleman divorced Price in 2008, but they were living together in Santaquin, Utah, when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo, Utah, hospital. Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo, but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image. A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial, Coleman's longtime friend and former manager, as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process. A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor. Mial threatened to have Price, 24, arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman's home since his death. She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together, Mial said. While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died, his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors. "These items include, but are not limited to, numerous televisions and video game systems, a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck (registered to Coleman), cargo trailer (registered to Coleman), model train sets, computers, telephones, musical instruments, and furnishings," Mial said. "It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court's order, so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her," Mial said. Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images, which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "ongoing desperate attempt" to profit from his death. "These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may, ultimately, relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast, indeed, will bring," Mial said Wednesday. "May God bless Miss Price and her 'free will.'" A statement released by Price's publicist Monday did not deny Mial's accusation, but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer. "Dion, who claims to be a good friend of Gary, would know that Gary's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone," the statement said. "So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon, not taking all her money, to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her."
Phillip Clayton claims his 86-year-old mother Maureen, a retired teacher, died in agony, covered in pressure sores, after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed for 11 weeks . An 86-year-old woman died covered in 'horrendous' pressure sores after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed, her son claims. Phillip Clayton said his mother died in 'pain and tears' and contracted MRSA as a result of the care she received. He claims a delay in fitting a pacemaker also contributed to his mother's death after she was admitted to hospital with a dangerously low heart rate. He has launched a complaint against Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent after his mother Maureen died in November. NICE guidelines advise adults at high risk should be turned at least once every four hours to prevent pressure ulcers. The hospital is now carrying out a review into her care. Mr Clayton, 56, a public sector worker, said: 'The fact that my mother died is unfortunate. 'The way she died in pain and tears from the pressure sores is a disgrace and in my view, totally unacceptable. 'It is wrong to say my mother would not have died but I do think the care she received shortened her life. 'It was not the right way for her to die. The way she spent her last few weeks was shocking. 'The real problem is a total lack of leadership which permeates right down to ward level and results in an appalling level of service. 'I do not need apologies or a formal investigation, what I would like to see is change.' Mrs Clayton, a retired teacher, was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham, Kent. Her heart rate was low and she spent three days on a cardiac unit before being diagnosed with liver problems and transferred to the Will Adams ward. Mr Clayton claims while there staff failed to turn her during her entire 11 week stay - when it should have been done once every four hours. Mr Clayton says his mother even contracted MRSA as a result of the 'disgraceful' care she received at Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent (pictured) Mrs Clayton was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham . He added that they only rearranged the pillows under her back which did not prevent her from contracting painful pressure sores. Three weeks into her stay she was diagnosed with MRSA and died on November 27 from renal failure. Mr Clayton added: 'They simply rearranged the pillows underneath her. Turning a patient in bed is not rocket science. It is a basic nursing skill. 'There was a long delay before she was fitted with a temporary pacemaker and then a permanent one. During this time she deteriorated. 'If she had been fitted with the pacemaker in the first week and been able to get up, maybe things would have been different.' A spokesperson from Medway NHS Foundation Trust, who run the hospital where Mrs Clayton was treated said: 'The Trust takes concerns around care very seriously and is currently carrying out a review, as discussed with the family. 'The outcome of the review and the actions we are taking as a result of the findings, will be shared with the family.'
Add a location to your Tweets

 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| There's few rules on the Internet, but I think we can all agree on this one: Never put things to a public online vote.

 The Natural Environment Research Council is learning that lesson, but it could be a lot worse.

 The NERC, which is an independent environmental science organization in the United Kingdom, is in the process of building a new $300 million Antarctic survey vessel.

 Boat needs a name, right? Why not put it to a public vote, yea?

 UK's new Antarctic survey vessel to be built here @CammellLaird . You could name it #NameOurShip @BBCNWT pic.twitter.com/c9a7cHFuk1 — Mark Edwardson (@markedtv) March 17, 2016

 Well, the public is voting overwhelmingly to name the ship "Boaty McBoatface."

 Now, in the grand scheme of Internet shenanigans, "Boaty McBoatface" is not really that bad. In this writer's opinion, it's actually pretty great. After all, this is the same Internet that responded to a promotion to name a new flavor of Mountain Dew with "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Fapple."

 Other examples of Internet votes gone horribly wrong include a promotion that ended up sending the entertainer Pitbull to a Walmart in Alaska.

 Thus far, Boaty McBoatface has a commanding lead with more than 21,000 votes. It's next closest competitor, "Henry Worsley," an explorer and former British army officer who died in January during an attempt to become the first person to cross Antartica unaided, has a little more than 2,700 votes.

 The vote has spurred a hashtag — #BoatyMcBoatface of course — and even caused intermittent outages for its website.

 Due to a high amount of traffic some users may be experiencing problems using the #NameOurShip site. Please bear with us. — NERC (@NERCscience) March 20, 2016

 The closing date for entries is April 16. The boat is scheduled to set sail in 2019.
Longtime Fox News contributor and fill-in host Laura Ingraham is in line for her own show on the channel, possibly in a key prime time hour.

 On Monday a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN that there are talks underway between Ingraham and Fox executives, but no decisions have been finalized.

 The addition of an Ingraham talk show could be part of a bigger-picture reshuffling of Fox News Channel's highly rated schedule.

 A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment and Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment.

 Ingraham has been a paid contributor to Fox News since 2007. The show that's been discussed would be a big promotion.

 Matt Drudge, who is well-sourced in conservative media circles, spurred intrigue about potential changes when he tweeted this on Monday: "FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved."

 Drudge got tongues wagging, which may have been his goal.

 The prime time hours on cable news are 8, 9 and 10 p.m. When Megyn Kelly left for NBC in January, Tucker Carlson took over her 9 p.m. time slot.

 Then in April when Bill O'Reilly was removed amid a sexual harassment scandal, Carlson moved into O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot and the channel's 5 p.m. conservative talk show "The Five" moved to 9 p.m. Sean Hannity remained in place at 10 p.m.

 Now there is speculation inside and outside Fox that another schedule shake-up is in the works.

 The cable news channel seems to be exploring programming options in the event that Eric Bolling does not return. Bolling is the centerpiece of the 5 p.m. show that was created when "The Five" moved to 9. It is called "Fox News Specialists."

 Earlier this month Bolling was suspended pending a probe into accusations that he sent lewd texts to colleagues, which he has denied.

 If Fox News executives need to replace "The Specialists," "The Five" could be shifted back to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Then Ingraham could take over at 9 p.m.

 Alternatively, Hannity could move up one hour to 9, and Ingraham could take over at 10.

 Or maybe Fox executives have something in mind that nobody else has thought of yet.

 Along with the Bolling suspension, another subplot is the ratings race between Fox and MSNBC. The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow has snapped Fox's winning streak in the 9 p.m. hour.

 So Fox executives are asking themselves: Would Ingraham be a better match against Maddow than "The Five" currently is?

 Ingraham is a vocal supporter of President Trump, just like some of the co-hosts of "The Five."

 She is already a popular radio talk show host, with a three-hour morning time slot on stations across the country. She also operates a conservative-themed news and features site called LifeZette. ||||| Fox News Channel is in discussions with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham that could result in her coming to the 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network as a regular host, a person familiar with the outlet’s plans confirmed early Tuesday.

 The two sides are believed to be in early talks, and no decision has been made regarding the time slot Ingraham might anchor, or even when she might join the company in the new role. No deal has been signed, and there is no sense at this time when one might come to fruition, this person said. She already serves as a Fox News contributor.

 Revelation of the talks, which surfaced Monday on The Drudge Report and were further detailed by CNN, show Fox News Channel continuing to mull tinkering with its program line-up as it grapples in real time to find alternatives for hosts who have come under recent fire. Fox News replaced mainstay Bill O’Reilly in April after he parted ways over advertiser reaction to disclosures of settlements paid to women who had accused him of sexual harassment and other improprieties.

 The network’s current primetime lineup features Tucker Carlson at 8 p.m, the panel show “The Five” at 9 p.m., and Sean Hannity at 10 p.m. And though Fox News remains cable’s most-watched news network, it has had to contend with a resurgent MSNBC, where a primetime lineup led by Rachel Maddow has expanded its audience.

 Related Fox, Major League Baseball Strike New Rights Pact Official Name of New Fox Is, Uh, Fox -- and Other Takeaways From Annual Stockholders Meeting

 Ingraham has a long association with Fox News, having served as a fill-in for both Hannity and O’Reilly. Executives at the network have remained open to the idea of tweaking its primetime lineup, Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy told Variety in July.

 Fox News is also mulling talent options due to the recent suspension of Eric Bolling, the former commodities trader who served as co-host on the late-afternoon program “Fox News Specialists,” this person confirmed. Bolling was suspended earlier this month, when Fox News said it planned to investigate recent allegations made in a Huffington Post report that Bolling may have sexually harassed colleagues. Bolling has denied the charges and said he intends to clear his name. ||||| Fox News is not commenting, but people familiar with the talks who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said Ingraham is seen as a compatible fit between the network's conservative prime-time hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity. Under that scenario, the roundtable show "The Five" -- which moved to 9 p.m. Eastern time when the network had to shuffle its program line-up after Bill O'Reilly exited in April -- would move back to its original time slot of 5 p.m. Eastern to make room for Ingraham.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:59 EST, 4 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 5 March 2014 . When most people have too much to drink, they will often 'sleep it off' in an attempt to sober up. A Florida man, however, is not like most people - when he was stopped for speeding last month, he told the arresting officer that his wife had been nagging him for drinking too much, so he decided to hop in his SUV and 'drive it off' - on his way to a bar to have more drinks. Michael Moore, 61, was stopped just after midnight on February 13 by an officer in Stuart Florida after he was seen speeding down U.S. 1. Brilliant: Michael Moore told police when he was stopped for a DUI that he had been drinking but decided to 'drive it off' by driving to a bar . Moore was stopped in the 800 block of Southwest U.S. 1 at about 12:35 a.m. and the officer immediately smelled alcohol when he approached the allegedly intoxicated motorist, according to court records first obtained by TCPalm.com. According to the probable cause statement, Moore told the officer that he was coming from his house and that he had consumed 'a couple' of drinks. He also told the officer that he was heading to a local bar to have 'a few' more. The officer noted in the report that Moore's eyes were glassy and that his speech was slurred - according to the officer, he sounded 'thick-tongued.' Legal limit: Court records show that Moore's blood alcohol content was 0.104. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Report: The arresting officer noted that Moore sounded 'thick-tongued' and slurred his speech and that his eyes were wattery . Moore explained to the officer that he had been in an argument with his wife and decided he would take a drive. 'He also told me that his wife told him that he (had) been drinking too . much so he decided to go out and 'drive it off,"' an arrest affidavit . states. Prior to his arrest, Moore was given standard field sobriety tests. He failed them all. Once in custody, officers administered a breath test to determine Moore's blood alcohol content. Two separate tests measured his BAC at 0.104 and 0.103. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08. Moore was placed under arrest and charged with driving under the influence.

Watch out ladies or you might just become smitten with the 'coolest kid in the whole wide world'. That's the view of many after Keano, six, took his mother's iPad and filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs. His mother,Â Caitlin Gahleitner, from Perth, Western Australia, then promptly shared the clip online. The result is an adorable video that has gone viral with over 8,000 likes since it was uploaded to Facebook by radio stationÂ 2DayFM on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Caitlin Gahleitner (left) found a video her son Keano (right) had recorded on her iPad, which she promptly shared online . 'Hello girls, my name's Keano,' the mini-Romeo begins in a gentlemanly fashion. 'I hope you see my muscles and my abs,' he then says, flexing his biceps. Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano then lifts up his shirt for the camera and, pointing towards his belly, chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs'. 'I'm the coolest kid in the whole wide world,' he continues, before blowing a kiss to the screen. 'Hello girls, my name's Keano': The six-year-old filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs . Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano is seen lifting up his shirt for the camera and pointing towards his belly before he chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs' 'I hope you love me!' Viewers clearly did fall in love with the year one student, who received well over 8000 likes for his video and more than 1000 shares. Almost three thousand people commented on the clip, most of them comparing Keano to their own friends or complimenting him on his physique. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, told Daily Mail Australia that his inspiration came from his father. The video has since received over 8000 likes and 1000 shares since being uploaded on Wednesday . 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' MsÂ Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' However, Keano is not as keen about his new-found fame as the rest of his family members are, as Ms Gahleitner admits his aunts and uncles now incessantly ask him 'how's your abs, Keano?' 'We all tease him about it now and he gets embarrassed, he just keeps saying "I don't want to be famous!",' Ms Gahleitner said. 'I can't wait until his 21st birthday!'

Jon Huntsman couldn't help but fire a parting shot at his Republican rivals, even as he withdrew from the presidential race and backed front-runner Mitt Romney Monday morning. 'This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people and not worthy of this critical time,' he said during an announcement in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Huntsman, a former Utah governor and the President Obama's ambassador to China, must now navigate the tricky waters of supporting a candidate he slammed as an unelectable, untrustworthy flip-flopper. Shortly after Huntsman told his staff . Sunday night he was planning to quit the presidential race, videos and . statements criticizing the former Massachusetts governor disappeared . from Huntsman's campaign website. Family affair: Four of Jon Huntsman's daughters, including his adopted Chinese daughter Gracie Mei, stood on stage with him and his wife Mary Kaye (in the purple) today . Exit: Jon Huntsman leaves the stage after his announcement this morning, flanked by his daughter Mary Anne (left) and his wife Mary Kaye (right) Bowing out: Huntsman's presidential bid never gained traction and floundered after a disappointing performance in New Hampshire . As an opponent, Huntsman was one of Romney's harshest critics, offering several devastating assessments of the front-runner in an attempt to win over Romney's moderate supporters. 'I will always put my country first. It . seems that Gov Romney believes in putting politics first. Gov Romney . enjoys firing people; I enjoy creating jobs. It may be that heâ€™s . slightly out of touch with the economic reality playing out in America . right now, and thatâ€™s a dangerous place to be,' he told reporters right . before the New Hampshire primary. Lest anyone forget Huntsman's harsh words, the Democratic National Committee produced a greatest hits list of the most cutting remarks by the former candidate. Big gains: Hours after the announcement, Mitt Romney thanked Huntsman for his support and praised his campaign . Plea for unity: Flanked by his family, Huntsman criticized the divisive tone of the Republican race and said the party needs to unite . And Huntsman's endorsement of Romney was no ringing embrace. Instead, he simply cited Romney's electability. Jon Huntsman's campaign pulled down statements critical of Mitt Romney as he moved to endorse the Republican front-runner. However, the Democratic National Committee won't let Huntsman forget what he said. It has released a list of his greatest Mitt-hits: . 'I believe it is now time for our party . to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama. Despite our differences I believe that candidate is Gov Mitt Romney,' Huntsman said at a news conference with his wife and children. Huntsman staked his presidential bid . on making a name for himself in last week's New Hampshire primary. But . his candidacy never really gained traction and he came in a . disappointing third place behind Romney and Texas Rep Ron Paul. Campaign sources said Huntsman was dropping out now because he didn't want to pull support away from Romney, which could prolong the GOP presidential primary. Romney gladly accepted the affirmation from his fellow Mormon. 'I salute Jon Huntsman & his wife Mary Kaye. He ran a campaign based on unity not division, & love of country. I appreciate his support,' the candidate Tweeted moments after the public announcement. Despite his low support from voters, Huntsman's departure will surely be a boon to Romney. He was only polling at three to five percent in South Carolina and Florida, the next two primary states, but he was the only candidate still competing for moderate voters who are the backbone of Romney's support. According to recent polls, nearly all of Huntsman's supporters said Romney was their second choice. This further consolidates the establishment wing of the Republican party. Conservative voters are still divided between former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and, to a lesser extent, Texas Gov Rick Perry. Huntsman is the third candidate to leave . the race. Former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty exited in August and . Minnesota Rep Michele Bachmann dropped out after a poor showing in the . Iowa caucus. By his side: Huntsman made the announcement in South Carolina with his family, including his wife Mary Kaye . Waving farewell: Huntsman said he was ending his presidential bid because he believes Romney is the best choice to beat President Obama . Despite strong credentials -- an attractive, highly-educated former governor and businessman who speaks Mandarin Chinese and has extensive foreign policy experience -- Huntsman never rose above single digits in national polls. He staked his campaign on a victory, or at least a strong showing, in moderate New Hampshire. But the granite state didn't show him the love he was hoping for. He received just 17 percent of the vote compared to Mitt Romney's dominant 39 percent. Ron Paul came in second with 23 percent. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie turned down a Republican movement urging him to run for president this year, but he hasn't ruled out the possibility in the future. He told Oprah Winfrey during her visit to his home in Mendham, New Jersey, that he was considering running in 2016. 'I'll be much more ready for it four years from now than I am now,' he said. Christie says he can see his family occupying the White House in the future. The 49-year-old former US Attorney told Oprah he and his wife seriously considered the calls to run for president against Barack Obama, but ultimately he felt comfortable turning them down. 'Inside me it never felt right. I knew that if it didn't feel right, I couldn't be me,' he said.

He claimed there were few vessels to enforce new regulations for UK inshore fishing waters after it leaves the EU.
And the ex-Falklands veteran, who was once a Labour security minister, said he was "stunned" at the government's "amazing complacency" over the issue.
But minister Lord Gardiner insisted a vessel monitoring system was in place.
Lord West raised the issue just days after the government announced it is to withdraw from the London Fisheries Convention - the deal which allows foreign fisherman access to British waters.
Lord Gardiner, a rural affairs minister, said the Marine Management Organisation would supervise the UK's "exclusive economic zone", which stretches from six to 200 nautical miles - while the Association of Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authorities would cover up to six nautical miles.
But he added that as the UK leaves the EU a review will be needed to reflect on the level of fisheries enforcement required.
That response prompted Lord West to say: "This simple sailor is absolutely stunned by the answer, which shows amazing complacency.
"The bottom line is we have very, very few vessels involved in this. They are not properly centrally coordinated. We've already seen a number of the countries involved saying 'well to hell with what you're saying, we're coming there anyway'.
"We will be made a laughing stock if we apply some rules and cannot enforce them."
Lord West urged ministers to establish "a centralised command system to actually control the various assets we have", adding that "far too few of them seem to be able to focus on things like someone fishing illegally in the six to 12 mile zones".
He said more ships and boats needed to be built "to ensure we can actually enforce it".
The minister said he would like Lord West, who served in the Royal Navy between 1965 and 2006, to go with him to Newcastle to see a new digital vessel monitoring system that can pinpoint "every vessel that's at sea within our waters".
He said there were three offshore patrol vessels in operation, with a further five new river offshore patrol vessels being built that will be used for fisheries protection.
But Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Baroness Jones of Whitchurch argued that "fish stocks can't be managed unilaterally", adding "there has to be some cooperation with neighbouring countries".
"Fish shoals can sometimes move for hundreds of miles, and indeed our own fishermen fish up to the north of Russia and southern Portugal," she said.
"There's no point in making a unilateral declaration."
But Lord Gardiner said not only would the government be negotiating "with our partners and friends in Europe so we have a sustainable fishing industry" but post-Brexit the UK will "have the ability to decide who fishes in our waters".
He said the chief executive of National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations had welcomed the UK's decision to give notice to the London Fisheries Convention as "an important part of establishing the UK as an independent coastal state with sovereignty over its own exclusive economic zone".
He said fishing is worth Â£1.3bn to the UK economy, employs 34,600 people, has 6,000 fishing vessels and lands 708 tonnes of fish each year worth Â£775m.


Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury.
In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April.
However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle.
Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday.
The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew.
Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time".
"I would love to see it before I retired", he said, although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century.
An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then.
Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox, meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April.
But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar, hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity.
In 1990, the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date, which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments. It has not yet been reached.


It carries out a monthly survey of firms that tracks indicators such as new orders, employment and exports.
The latest report for April suggested a modest deterioration in business conditions, as output and new orders declined following growth in March.
That was the fourth monthly decline in activity in the last five months.
Ulster Bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said Northern Ireland's modest decline in private sector activity compares with growth in all of the other UK regions.
Manufacturing continued to be a bright spot, with output growth and new orders rebounding to a 6-month high, driven by market demand in Great Britain.
By contrast, Northern Ireland retailers reported their sharpest decline in retail sales since May 2012 and the construction sector posted its largest fall in business activity in two years.
Mr Ramsey said that despite the apparent weakness suggested by the results, companies are continuing to hire staff.
"Despite uncertainty and lack of demand, local firms saw their staffing levels rise in April at the fastest rate in seven months. Employment growth was reported across all sectors with the exception of construction," he added.
Looking forward, he said that the detail of the new Conservative government's fiscal plans and economic policies "will affect all sectors of the economy both public and private".

LONDON, England (CNN) -- The super-yachts of the super-rich could soon become super-green. The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this. Sydney-based technology company Solar Sailor is working on a "solar sail" which could act as both a sail and a solar power source to all sorts of large vessels. Super-yachts owned by billionaires like Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen are currently among the biggest fuel guzzlers on the planet. Some of the ocean-going beasts like Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's "Dubai," the biggest private super-yacht in the world, are over 150 meters long and contain amenities like aircraft hangars, movie theaters, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. All of these features sap incredible amounts of energy. Fuel consumption estimates on super-yachts have ranged up to one liter of fuel per second when traveling at high power. • See a photo gallery of the world's best super-yachts . Solar Sailor's CEO Robert Dane told CNN the technology could work perfectly with super-yachts. He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "We think it would enable people to have their super-yacht but make little or no carbon footprint, which is the big problem with these vessels," he said. Dane said the technology worked by using a wing that is a solar panel or a sail, pivotally mounted to a vessel so it can be angled to the sun or the wind. The "sails" are controlled by a computer which takes into account the direction and strength of sun and wind to optimize energy collection. A design project is currently underway in the United Kingdom to create a solar sail for the super-yachts, he said. Dane said the company was working with Chinese shipping company COSCO to get solar sails on some of its fleet. "Our aim is for a trail of retrofitted sails to one bulker and one tanker in 2010. Based on the results of this, then we would design 'new-build' vessels," he said. Dane estimated the sail could save about 5 percent in fuel consumption from the solar power and another 20 to 40 percent from wind power when the vessel is traveling at 18 knots. "This might add up to a 10 percent saving overall in the whole journey," Dane said. He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.

Washington (CNN) -- Within hours of President Barack Obama's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed, politics entered the fray. A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. Debate rages about role of torture . Interviews and commentaries by conservatives, including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention, citing media reports rather than direct information. A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection, at least to waterboarding, the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law. While administration officials, former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden, no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture. That doesn't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying. Republican Rep. Peter King, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid. Was bin Laden's killing legal? Mohammed was captured in 2003, and another high-value suspect, Abu Faraj al Libi, was captured in 2005. "I think it's fair to say that it's a long way to getting bin Laden, but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation" of Mohammed and al Libi, King said. However, as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday, Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi. According to Borger's report, the detainee who initially provided the courier's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation, but not waterboarding. Later, Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier, who was described as his protege, and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him, a senior U.S. official said. U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier's identity four years ago "from a different part of the world," the senior U.S. official said. Trail to bin Laden started with courier . King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded, and even though he lied about the courier, the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding. To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough, no such connection exists. "This whole idea about somehow whether EITs (enhanced interrogation techniques) played into that, I think, is just not consistent with the facts, and, also, a little bit of a sideshow, as far as I'm concerned," McDonough said. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August. "I can say with certainty that no single piece of information, with the exception of the address of the compound, was ... singularly vital to this, because we're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years," Carney said. "And it's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way; if, you know which thread held the cloth together, with the exception of the location of the compound." Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees, which he called one of many ways that information was gathered. "Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information" played a key role, "because we don't know," Carney said. Mark Fallon, a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, terrorist detention facility, rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden's capture. "I think some people are trying to rewrite history here," Fallon told MSNBC, adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and wasn't aware "of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding." One of Obama's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration. The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency, with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism. Now, those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return. John Yoo, a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques, said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked. However, his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources, rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees. Marc Thiessen, a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, made similar assertions on the group's website, but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports. Cheney, interviewed on ABC and Fox, said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden's demise, but added he had no proof. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism. "Now let's remember that in the early days, we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda," Rice said. However, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden's location that "came as a result of harsh interrogation practices." Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden. "This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement," Graham said, citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work. "I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding. I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work." CNN's Gloria Borger contributed to this story.


The party won 10 seats, but the Conservatives have retained control with 45 out of 78 councillors.
The Tories had 51 seats before Thursday's vote, while the Liberal Democrats slipped from 24 to 17.
Labour's seats increased from one to four, while two independent councillors were also elected.
Former cabinet minister Mr Huhne, a Lib Dem, was jailed in March for perverting the course of justice, and his party lost both Eastleigh council seats to UKIP.
One of UKIP's gains was in South Waterside where Philip Fawkes, a distant relative of Guy Fawkes, was elected.
A 15th Century ancestor of the retired head teacher was the great-great-grandfather of the the failed 1605 Gunpowder Plot ringleader.
When Mr Fawkes' candidacy was announced, party leader Nigel Farage said it showed "the blood of rebellion still runs in his veins".
By Steve HumphreyBBC South
It's been an historic night in the local elections - with UKIP winning its first seats on county councils in the south.
As soon as the votes came tumbling out of the ballot boxes in Hampshire it became clear that it was going to be a tough night for the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats.
Labour gained three seats - but it was UKIP's supporters who had the biggest smiles. They started the night with no seats on the county council - but they ended up with 10.
Across Hampshire, there were losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives - but the Tories retain control of the county council.
One senior Conservative MP says the UKIP surge should prompt the prime minister to deliver stronger policies on immigration and Europe.
Conservative Alexis McEvoy criticised her own party's national leadership after losing her South Waterside seat to Mr Fawkes.
She said Tory leaders "choose not to listen to what the public are saying", which boosted the UKIP vote.
"I hope the government will listen because they never do," she added.
"They're arrogant, out of touch and because of them good councillors have now been lost."
Andy Moore, 53, who won Eastleigh East for UKIP, said: "We have told the truth. We have listened to the public who have put us in these positions as councillors."
Martin Lyon, 47, who took nearby Bishopstoke and Fair Oak for UKIP, added: "I'm just shell shocked.
"It's all about the people on the ground. There have been a lot of people who have put the work in over five to 10 years in Eastleigh."
Lib Dem Sandra Gidley, who lost to Conservative Roy Perry in Romsey Extra, said she was disappointed but her stronger feeling was one of concern about the gains made by UKIP.
"It's a protest vote, it's a dangerous one; nobody knows what that party stands for," she said.
"It's now down to all politicians to try and reconnect with the public because what was clear to me is that the public have lost faith in all of us from all parties; that's why UKIP did well, not because they have anything to offer."
Voting was also held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday and counting began at 09:00 BST.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice practice.
New York police New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists,
and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News:Â 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be:Â 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said:Â 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'
This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that  provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in  the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32  and then birdying 10, 11 and 12  to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to  mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and  seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch  Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been  itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too,  sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to  forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against  McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that  Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm  looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'
A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference.  Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.
(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
Special Report: The Technology of Business
Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace
South African education goes digital
Kenya's mobile money revolution
Africa mobile boom powers innovation
Is tech saving the music industry?
It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185.
On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women.  Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer.
What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife.
They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice.
Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child.
"When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says.
"The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic."
Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah.
"Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says.
"[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care.
"[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies."
Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service.
In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense.
When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number.
After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region.
The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones.
"We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district.
Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform.
"Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says.
"We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box."
For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over.
"We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful.
The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things.
Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos.
Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with.
"A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync.
"So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away."
ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra.
"Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies."
The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress.
This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency.
Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately.
"Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing."
The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra.
Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency.
Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit.
"Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us."
ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey.
According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes.
Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana.
They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive.
But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful.
"It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries.
"Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world.  We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it.
"But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly.  To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army.  A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a  Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice mido.
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
The independent inspector of immigration said the Home Office must make significant improvements regarding "overstayers" - foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the country.
John Vine said failure to do so could "undermine public confidence".
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said there was room for improvement.
The report suggests that the amount of "overstayers" in the UK is not increasing, and instead is remaining largely static.
Mr Vine said the overall size of the "migration refusal pool" - the number of foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the UK after 2008 - was 173,562 in the three months to June this year, compared with 174,057 in the same period two years earlier.
The Home Office signed a contract with private outsourcing group Capita to review, and where possible, close the records of migrants who had been refused leave to stay in the UK.
But Mr Vine said there had been "significant inaccuracies" in Capita's classification of migration refusal records.
The inspection concluded that of a sample of 57 records 16 had wrongly recorded the foreign national as having left the UK.
A Capita spokeswoman rejected claims that it had used information about passengers to the UK incorrectly and that it had incorrectly classified passport records.
She also rejected "any inference that we benefited in any way" from following the processes used to record migrants' entry to and exit of the UK.
In his report, Mr Vine specified that what he describes as Capita's inaccuracies meant the number of "overstayers" thought to have departed may have been overestimated by as many as 1,140 in 2013-14.
Mr Vine said: "I was disappointed to find a high level of inaccuracy in the classification of migration refusal records, with more than a quarter of departures in my sample being incorrectly recorded.
"Considerable improvements in the Home Office's capability to monitor, progress, and prioritise the immigration enforcement caseload will be needed to deliver its strategy for reducing the level of irregular migration."
He said inspectors had also identified a further 223,000 records of foreign nationals without permission to stay in the UK, whose cases dated to before 2008.
James Brokenshire said the report's recommendations would be taken forward, but changes made by the government had been having a positive impact and needed to be judged over time.
"The public can have confidence on the rigour that we are attaching to this issue," he said.
Universities are paying agencies millions to recruit overseas students who boost their coffers. Home students suffer as lectures are dumbed down to help those with poor English, academics say. And some institutions enrol lucrative non-EU students ‘regardless of their language skills’, it was claimed. A study by Times Higher Education (THE) found 106 universities spent £86million recruiting abroad in 2013 to 2014, or £1,767 per student – a 16.5 per cent increase on two years before. The Russell Group of top universities were some of the top spenders, with Sheffield, Glasgow and Cardiff each spending more than £6million from 2011 to 2014. Coventry spent the most, paying out £10.2million in commission and VAT to recruit 5,634 students, according to data obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. However, a university spokesman said: ‘By error the figures . . . included substantial non-agent related costs, and therefore do not represent the university’s spend.’ The University of Bedfordshire spent £9.5million and Middlesex University spent £8.8million including VAT. Giving money to recruitment agents is worthwhile for institutions because the average fee paid by a student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 – or £13,425 for laboratory-based courses. Fees for UK and EU students are capped at £9,000 a year. Liz Reisberg, formerly of the Centre for International Higher Education, at Boston College in the US, and now an independent consultant, told THE the situation was ‘staggering’. Of 158 universities that gave data, all but 19 used agents to enrol non-EU students. At the 124 institutions that gave a breakdown of admissions, there were 58,257 international students enrolled using agents in 2013-14. This month, a separate THE survey found more than a third of academics thought foreign undergraduates did not speak or write good English. One admitted to The Best University Workplace Survey that tutors ‘lower the level of classes so everyone can keep up – to the disadvantage of native speakers’. A Russell Group lecturer called the issue the sector’s ‘dirty little secret’. The average  fee paid by student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 a year to study in the UK . A respondent at a university in the Midlands said it tried ‘to attract as many international students as possible regardless of their language skills.’ As the survey was anonymous, there is no suggestion the complaints came from institutions that pay agencies fees to recruit internationally. Nicola Dandridge, of Universities UK, which represents the sector, said: ‘International students are subject to numerous tests to ensure they meet high English language requirements.’ The group said official guidance puts an onus on universities to ensure agents act ‘ethically and responsibly’.
Ireland started with purpose but went behind when Antonio Cassano headed in a near post Andrea Pirlo corner.
An equaliser would have knocked Italy out and their keeper Gianluigi Buffon smartly saved a Keith Andrews strike.
"I hope there are no dramatic changes for the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, because you have to remember what a brilliant achievement it was for us to get here in the first place.
"But my fear is what could happen to Giovanni Trapattoni.
"His team has not had the best of tournaments, and if we do not start out well on the road to the next World Cup in Brazil then I fear that people might turn on him."
I fear for Trapattoni, says Kevin Kilbane
Andrews was sent off for a second booking before Mario Balotelli volleyed in to settle Italian nerves.
Italy still had to endure a few more anxious moments as a Croatia equaliser against Spain in the other Group C game would have meant they were out of the tournament.
But Spain won and Italy will now play the winner of Group D, which includes England.
Ireland put in a more solid performance than in their two previous defeats, although it might not be enough to stop some of their old guard calling time on their international careers, and Shay Given, Robbie Keane, Damien Duff and Richard Dunne will all be left to mull over their futures.
The Irish had beaten Italy 18 years ago to the day at the 1994 World Cup but despite starting with pace and pressuring their opponents, they suffered from some poor decision making in the final third.
Italy weathered the Republic's early enthusiasm before gradually pinning their opponents back and being rewarded for their perseverance.
The opener came after some costly mistakes by Ireland, which started with Glenn Whelan giving the ball away to Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo.
Pirlo released Antonio Di Natale and he skipped over keeper Given but saw his effort from an acute angle cleared off the line by Sean St Ledger.
Ireland escaped this time but Given, so unusually uncertain at Euro 2012, quickly spilled a long range Cassano strike and the Azzurri seized on the error.
Cassano got his head to a near post Pirlo corner and although Given got a touch, the ball had already crossed the line before Duff - captain on his 100th Republic appearance - cleared.
The goal knocked the wind out of Ireland's sails and Given had to save a Di Natale shot as Italy threatened to overwhelm Giovanni Trapattoni's deflated side.
To their credit, the Republic regrouped and caused Italy some anxious moments, although only a powerful 25-yard shot from Andrews called Buffon into any serious action.
Andrews, already booked in the first half, was sent off after picking up a second yellow card.
He then furiously kicked out at the ball on his way off as he epitomised the frustrations of so many in the Ireland camp after a tournament in which they were comprehensively outplayed.
And Ireland's misery was compounded when Balotelli, side on to goal and with a defender in close attendance, volleyed in from a late corner.
Full Time   The final whistle goes and the game is over.
Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the right by-line.
Mario Balotelli has an effort at goal. Blocked by Stephen Ward. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Ignazio Abate on Damien Duff. Damien Duff crosses the ball in from the free kick, save made by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Alessandro Diamanti provided the assist for the goal.
Goal!  - Mario Balotelli -    Italy 2 - 0 R Ireland        Mario Balotelli gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the box to the top left corner of the goal. Italy 2-0 Rep of Ireland.
Inswinging corner taken from the right by-line by Alessandro Diamanti,
Daniele De Rossi restarts play with the free kick.
Dismissal      Keith Andrews sent off.
Foul by Keith Andrews on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded.
Mario Balotelli takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Jonathan Walters. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
Substitution      Simon Cox is brought on as a substitute for Robbie Keane.
Leonardo Bonucci produces a right-footed shot from just outside the area that goes harmlessly over the target.
Direct strike on goal from the free kick comes in from Alessandro Diamanti.
Booking      Sean St. Ledger is cautioned by the ref for dissent.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Mario Balotelli.
Damien Duff gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Direct free kick taken by Ignazio Abate.
Robbie Keane is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Andrea Barzagli restarts play with the free kick.
Foul by Jonathan Walters on Federico Balzaretti, free kick awarded. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick.
The ball is crossed by Stephen Ward, Headed effort from deep inside the penalty area by Jonathan Walters misses to the right of the target. The assistant referee flags for offside against Robbie Keane. Free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Jonathan Walters fouled by Alessandro Diamanti, the ref awards a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Damien Duff. Keith Andrews has an effort at goal from 25 yards. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Mario Balotelli by John O'Shea. Free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Unfair challenge on Stephen Ward by Alessandro Diamanti results in a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Substitution      Kevin Doyle goes off and Jonathan Walters comes on.
Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Damien Duff sends in a cross, Unfair challenge on Gianluigi Buffon by Richard Dunne results in a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Substitution      Mario Balotelli on for Antonio Di Natale.
Booking      Gianluigi Buffon goes into the book.
Richard Dunne fouled by Santos Thiago Motta, the ref awards a free kick. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Free kick crossed right-footed by Glenn Whelan, Ignazio Abate makes a clearance.
Booking      Booking for Daniele De Rossi for unsporting behaviour.
Daniele De Rossi concedes a free kick for a foul on Kevin Doyle.
Daniele De Rossi fouled by Shane Long, the ref awards a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Ignazio Abate challenges Robbie Keane unfairly and gives away a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the direct free kick.
Daniele De Rossi produces a cross, clearance made by Richard Dunne.
A cross is delivered by Ignazio Abate, Stephen Ward gets a block in.
John O'Shea challenges Alessandro Diamanti unfairly and gives away a free kick. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Shane Long concedes a free kick for a foul on Andrea Pirlo. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Richard Dunne is ruled offside. Indirect free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Corner from the right by-line taken by Damien Duff, Andrea Barzagli makes a clearance.
Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save.
Corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line.
Substitution      Shane Long replaces Aiden McGeady.
Effort from 25 yards by Keith Andrews. Daniele De Rossi gets a block in.
The offside flag is raised against Antonio Di Natale. Free kick taken by Sean St. Ledger. Kevin Doyle takes a shot. Save by Gianluigi Buffon.
Alessandro Diamanti concedes a free kick for a foul on Glenn Whelan. John O'Shea takes the free kick.
Substitution      Alessandro Diamanti is brought on as a substitute for Antonio Cassano.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by John O'Shea, the ref awards a free kick. Andrea Pirlo crosses the ball from the free kick right-footed from left by-line.
Keith Andrews has a volleyed shot. Comfortable save by Gianluigi Buffon. Unfair challenge on Santos Thiago Motta by Glenn Whelan results in a free kick. Santos Thiago Motta takes the direct free kick.
Kevin Doyle challenges Daniele De Rossi unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Santos Thiago Motta.
Claudio Marchisio has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
Foul by Damien Duff on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Direct free kick taken by Daniele De Rossi. Foul by Richard Dunne on Antonio Cassano, free kick awarded. Free kick taken by Federico Balzaretti.
Substitution      Leonardo Bonucci is brought on as a substitute for Giorgio Chiellini.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Save by Shay Given.
Aiden McGeady sends in a cross, Robbie Keane takes a shot. Blocked by Giorgio Chiellini. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff, Header by Richard Dunne from deep inside the penalty area misses to the right of the target.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Claudio Marchisio on Damien Duff. Stephen Ward takes the free kick.
Shot by Daniele De Rossi from outside the box goes over the net.
A cross is delivered by John O'Shea, Effort on goal by Kevin Doyle from just inside the area clears the crossbar.
Antonio Cassano takes a shot. Blocked by Richard Dunne. Effort from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
The ball is crossed by Andrea Pirlo, clearance made by Glenn Whelan.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line to the near post, Sean St. Ledger manages to make a clearance.
Federico Balzaretti produces a cross, Antonio Di Natale has a drilled shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in.
The referee blows his whistle to start the second half.
Half Time    It is the end of the first-half.
Giorgio Chiellini challenges Kevin Doyle unfairly and gives away a free kick. Keith Andrews restarts play with the free kick.
Inswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal. Blocked by Richard Dunne.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Robbie Keane.  Giorgio Chiellini takes the indirect free kick.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Santos Thiago Motta. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick.
Unfair challenge on Aiden McGeady by Antonio Cassano results in a free kick. Shay Given restarts play with the free kick.
The ball is sent over by Antonio Cassano.
Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick.
Booking      John O'Shea is given a yellow card.
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Federico Balzaretti by John O'Shea.
Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick.
Booking      Keith Andrews receives a yellow card.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick.
The assist for the goal came from Andrea Pirlo.
Goal!  - Antonio Cassano -    Italy 1 - 0 R Ireland        Antonio Cassano grabs a headed goal from inside the six-yard box. Italy 1-0 Rep of Ireland.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo,
Shot by Antonio Cassano. Save by Shay Given.
Antonio Di Natale has an effort at goal. Clearance by Sean St. Ledger.
The ball is crossed by Ignazio Abate, Antonio Di Natale takes a shot. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
The assistant referee flags for offside against Federico Balzaretti. Shay Given takes the free kick.
Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Sean St. Ledger gets a block in.
Kevin Doyle challenges Andrea Barzagli unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Andrea Barzagli.
Direct free kick taken by Shay Given.
Booking      The referee books Federico Balzaretti for unsporting behaviour.
Aiden McGeady fouled by Federico Balzaretti, the ref awards a free kick.
The ball is crossed by Antonio Cassano, Shot from 12 yards by Antonio Di Natale. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger.
Claudio Marchisio concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Damien Duff delivers the ball from the free kick left-footed from left wing, free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Giorgio Chiellini by Sean St. Ledger. Direct free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon.
Free kick awarded for a foul by Andrea Barzagli on Robbie Keane. Sean St. Ledger takes the direct free kick.
The ball is delivered by Damien Duff, Header by Sean St. Ledger from deep inside the penalty area misses to the left of the target.
Damien Duff decides to take the corner short.
Aiden McGeady delivers the ball.
Aiden McGeady is ruled offside. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Kevin Doyle fouled by Giorgio Chiellini, the ref awards a free kick. Aiden McGeady crosses the ball in from the free kick, free kick awarded for a foul by Richard Dunne on Andrea Barzagli. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Shot from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is delivered by Antonio Cassano, Sean St. Ledger makes a clearance.
The assistant referee signals for offside against Aiden McGeady.  Daniele De Rossi takes the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti fouled by Robbie Keane, the ref awards a free kick. Federico Balzaretti restarts play with the free kick.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line played to the near post, clearance made by Aiden McGeady.
Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
The ball is swung over by Antonio Cassano, clearance made by John O'Shea.
Antonio Di Natale concedes a free kick for a foul on Keith Andrews. Shay Given takes the direct free kick.
Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo.
A cross is delivered by Andrea Pirlo, Keith Andrews manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo.
The ball is sent over by Federico Balzaretti, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance.
Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo.
Keith Andrews gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrea Pirlo. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick.
Federico Balzaretti concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff.
Antonio Di Natale crosses the ball, Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright.
The match gets underway.
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
Reverend Barry Trayhorn told an employment tribunal he had read the verses at HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire in 2014.
He was told complaints were made by gay prisoners and alleges he was unfairly dismissed.
His case against the secretary of state for justice continues.
Mr Trayhorn, 51, an ordained Pentecostal Christian minister from Sandy in Bedfordshire, had been working as a gardening supervisor at the prison at Perry near St Neots.
He had been invited to lead the worship at services once a week from 2012.
He told the tribunal in Bedford, he "often focused on Christian teachings about sin and repentance".
He confirmed the Bible passage in question was 1 Corinthians Chapter 6 Verses 9-11 which includes the lines "neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor coveters, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the Kingdom of God" and he read it on 31 May 2014.
Mr Trayhorn said he heard later that a gay prisoner had complained or was upset and there was "some sort of campaign" to remove him from chapel services.
"But I fear and do not believe it is right to alter the Christian faith so as to tailor it to any modern view of sexual ethics," he told the hearing.
He said he was told he could no longer volunteer at chapel services, complaints were then also made about his gardening work and he was told to attend a disciplinary hearing in a letter which said he had made a "homophobic statement".
He was signed off work in August 2014 with stress and resigned in November saying he had been harassed because of his Christian faith and it was impossible for him to return to work.
It means £1.3m of planned cuts will be avoided but other savings will be made.
These include £500,000 by changing the council's policy on sickness absence and a further £500,000 in schools energy incentives.
A Liberal Democrats proposal to save money by cutting the pay of senior councillors was defeated.
SNP councillors had said they would oppose any cuts in funding to services supporting vulnerable people.
The ruling group, made up of independent councillors had proposed cuts in funding for deprived areas, street cleansing, homeless support, women's aid groups and the Blas Music Festival.
They said the savings had been forced on the authority, in part because of the council tax freeze.
Earlier this month, all 32 local authorities in Scotland accepted the Scottish government's funding deal worth £10.3bn.
Many did so reluctantly, claiming the continued council tax freeze would lead to severe pressure on budgets.
Highland Council's leader Margaret Davidson said not being able to raise funds from a tax increase would result in job cuts and some services being axed.
Bill Fernie, the council's budget leader, said the local authority had to deal with "unprecedented challenges" in setting a balanced budget.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 7 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 7 February 2014 . A newborn who vanished from a southern Wisconsin home was found alive in a tote bag this morning at a gas station in eastern Iowa. Town of Beloit Police Chief Steven Kopp says the nearly week-old Kayden Powell was discovered by the police chief of West Branch, Iowa, checking along Interstate 80 at around 10.15am Friday. FBI acting special agent G.B. Jones said at a news conference the chief heard the infant crying and discovered the child swaddled in blankets and placed in a tote bag outside a gas station. Scroll down for video . Safe and sound: Six-day-old Kayden Powell is pictured here Friday after he was found alive in West Branch, Iowa, swaddled in blankets and placed . inside a tote bag against the cold . Missing: Kayden Powell, now six days old, . disappeared from his bassinet in the early hours of Thursday at a home . in Beloit, Wisconsin . Birth: Brianna Marshall, 18, gave birth Kayden at Beloit Hospital while his father, Bruce Powell, 23, was present . Authorities say baby Kayden appears to be in 'excellent health' despite the frigid temperatures. 'Our efforts are clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child. That's the immediate focus. In fact we're taking steps right now to make sure that happens,' Jones said. Person of interest: Police in Iowa arrested . Kristin Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of the baby's mother, . on unrelated fraud charges . Federal, . state and local law enforcement officers had been looking for the baby . since early Thursday when his mother, 18-year-old Brianna Marshall, . discovered him missing from a bassinet in a Town of Beloit home. Officers have arrested 'person of . interest' Kristen Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of Miss . Marshall, several hours later in the neighboring state of Iowa. The . woman is no longer considered as suspect in the case but is being held . on separate fraud charges. Authorities questioned a number of people, including Miss Powell, 18, Kayden's . father Bruce Powell, 23, Miss Powell's brother and Kayden's great-grandmother - all of whom who were in the house . when the baby was discovered missing early Thursday morning. Miss Marshall and Mr Powell, were . sleeping in the same room as their son when they discovered he was missing at about 4.30am. Right place, right time: Authorities gather at a gas station in West Branch, Iowa, where a missing newborn was found alive Friday when the local police chief heard a baby crying . Search: Forty officers from law enforcement agencies have now joined in the search for missing Kayden . Parents: Miss Marshall, pictured with Mr Powell, discovered her newborn baby had vanished from their home in the Town of Beloit, Wisconsin, at 4.30am. The couple had been sleeping in the same room as their son, Kayden . Miss Marshall then raised the alarm by calling 911, said Chief Kopp. Police said there were no signs of forced entry at the house. A 'person of interest' - believed to be a stepsister of Miss Marshall - was . arrested Thursday afternoon in Iowa on a warrant issued out of Texas, but police have . since said she is not a suspect in the child's disappearance. Kristin . Smith was arrested in West Branch on fraud charges after a warrant was . put out for her arrest in Texas. Arrest: 'Person of interest' Kristin Smith was arrested in West Branch, Iowa on separate fraud charges on Thursday. She is no longer considered a person of interest in the missing baby case . Scene: Baby Kayden was snatched from his crib at this Wisconsin home yesterday morning. Police say there were no signs of forced entry at the house, which is currently being processed as a crime scene . She claims to be Miss Marshall's half-sister, with the women sharing the . same father. The women had reportedly discussed moving to Colorado, . along with Mr Powell, after the baby was born. Alert: Miss Marshall called 911 after awaking at 4.30am and finding her newborn son was missing . Chief . Kopp confirmed that Smith left the home around 1.30am Thursday - before Miss Marshall reported that Kayden was missing. Kopp said that Smith was visiting the home on Wednesday evening but left early on Thursday for Colorado where she lives. Police were able to reach the woman on her cellphone and she pulled off the highway in Iowa. Authorities took the woman into custody on an unrelated outstanding warrant from Texas. West Branch, Iowa, is 170miles from Beloit - roughly a two-and-a-half-hour drive away. The . homeowner of the property where Kayden and his parents were staying is listed as . 46-year-old Mark Bennett, who has a history of arrests for battery and . criminal misdemeanors. Chief Kopp says the incident is not . believed to be a custody dispute - adding that an Amber Alert was not . issued because the disappearance doesn't meet the criteria. An Amber Alert is only issued if the child is at risk of serious injury . or death and there is sufficient descriptive information of the child, . captor or captor's vehicle. Kayden was born at Beloit Memorial Hospital six days ago. The Town of Beloit, home to about 7,700 people, is about 50 miles south of Madison near the Illinois border.
Former deputy prime minister John Prescott said Mr Paisley sr's phone was bugged in his Sunday Mirror column.
He said he was told of the tap on the former DUP leader's phone by then prime minister Tony Blair in 2005.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells has called on Lord Prescott to clarify when, exactly, the alleged tapping happened.
North Antrim MP Ian Paisley jr said his father would always have been careful when speaking on the phone.
"It would have been something that he would have been aware of, because people would have said to him 'be careful with your phone, it's being listened to'," he told BBC NI's Sunday News programme.
"Finding out who was listening to it is, of course, a different matter, but the suspicion was always there that it was the security services.
"For MI5 or MI6 to be engaged in doing that at the behest of the British prime minister is frankly wrong and now that it's been confirmed by John Prescott, the number two in the government, I think that his government needs to be held to account."
He added: "I certainly intend, by way of a point of order, to raise this in parliament on the 18th of April, when parliament reconvenes - I'm not going to let this rest."
Mr Paisley sr, who went on to become first minister of Northern Ireland, died in 2014.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson introduced the Wilson Doctrine in 1966, which ruled that MPs' communications must not be intercepted by the police and security Â­services.
If an MP was tapped, the prime minister would have to tell parliament.
Writing in his Sunday Mirror column, Mr Prescott said: "In 2005, when I was deputy PM, I was told by Tony Blair an MP had been tapped in the past without parliament being told.
"I asked him who it was and he told me the MP was the Rev Ian Paisley.
"Downing Street had been told by the interception of communications commissioner, who wanted to name Paisley.
"Tony asked me to discuss the Wilson Doctrine with the speaker of the House of Commons.
"I never told him (the speaker) that an MP had been tapped or that it was Paisley."
Mr Prescott declined to be interviewed by the BBC.
Former Labour MP Kim Howells who was chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee at Westminster from Autumn 2008 until his retirement in 2010, told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that questions needed to be asked and, if necessary, these should be put to whoever was prime minister at the time of the alleged tapping.
"I'm not surprised that Ian Paisley wants to know the truth. The country needs the truth as well," Mr Howells said.
"If it is true that phone tapping was going on, then Parliament should have been informed about it."
Mr Howells said phone tapping is allowed if the person who is being watched or listened to is considered to be a threat to national security. I'm not aware that Rev Ian Paisley - I assume in the 2000s - was regarded as a threat to national security."
He said Lord Prescott should make things clear.
"If there isn't a clear answer very quickly, then there ought to be questions posed to whom ever was the person responsible for doing this at the time and that would be a prime minister.
"Rev Ian Paisley was a prominent figure in British politics. I think the prime minister would have to say yes his phone was tapped or no his phone wasn't.
"This is about trust in the end between the elected government, the executive and the intelligence services.
"The intelligence services don't want to be branded by these conspiracy theory lunatics as some kind of shady alternative government.
"They operate within the law and they will want to be quite clear to all MPs now and to those who served in the past that they weren't objects of surveillance and they weren't being spied upon throughout their political careers."
By . David Mccormack . A photograph of a young mother breastfeeding at her recent graduation ceremony has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, stayed in school and completed her accounting degree. At her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month, she brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah. A photo of Karlesha Thurman, 25, breastfeeding at her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore . After the ceremony, Karlesha was proudly showing off her daughter to friends when Aaliyah became hungry. Still dressed in her cap and gown, Karlesha decided to feed her baby and a friend, who thought it cool, asked if they could take a picture. A couple of days ago she posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public. ‘I did it to show it’s natural, it’s normal, there’s nothing wrong with it,’ Karlesha told Today. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, remained in school and secured an accounting degree, she graduated from Long Beach State University in California last month . Karlesha posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public . 'It’s not disgusting, it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a negative thing. It’s the best thing for my daughter. More people should do it,' she added. Though Karlesha has since deleted her photo, the Facebook group decided to share the photo as part of their efforts to try and normalize breast-feeding in public. ‘Congratulations, mama!!!! Giving her daughter more gifts than one! Isn't this beautiful?! #normalizebreastfeeding,’ read the caption. As the photo spread, the Facebook page – and Karlesha - received a lot of support. 'Congratulations to the mom for graduating & putting your baby 1st,' Michelle Spruill wrote on the group’s Facebook page. Karlesha brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah to her graduation last month . 'I breast-fed all 3 of my babies. I didn't let my babies starve because of how it would make someone else feel. Good job!' As well as support, the photo also drew some negative comments as well. Some people though it was inappropriate and that she should have covered up. 'Maybe I still have sleep in my eyes but did U just see a pic of a chick really breastfeeding during middle of her graduation?' tweeted Moderate. Karlesha, however, has no regrets. ‘I was proud of the fact that not only did I graduate but that I got to share the moment with the one person who is the most important to me and that is my daughter,’ she told Today.
The track sold 117,000 copies, some 40,000 more than its closest rival, Avicii's Wake Me Up, according to the Official Charts Company.
Lady Gaga's Applause was the second highest new entry at five. It was released midweek after leaking online.
Last week's number one, Miley Cyrus's We Can't Stop, fell two places to number three.
Goulding's previous highest charting single was her cover of Elton John's Your Song, which peaked at two in 2010.
Burn features on the deluxe edition of the 26-year-old's album Halcyon, which also climbed seven places in the album chart to 19.
"It means the world to me to be number one at the moment," the singer told the chart compiler. "It was always my dream to have a UK number one single and it's been a long time coming."
See the UK Top 40 singles chart
See the UK Top 40 albums chart
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show
Elsewhere in the singles chart, there were four new entries in the top 20.
Arctic Monkeys' Why'd You Call Me When You're High - taken from their new album, AM, which is released next month - was at eight, while The Wanted achieved their ninth top 10 hit with We Own the Night at 10.
Ray Foxx's Boom Boom also entered the chart at 12.
In the album chart, Britain's Got Talent duo Richard and Adam Johnson held on to the top spot for a third consecutive week with their debut record, The Impossible Dream.
The brothers' album of classical renditions of standards such as The Power of Love and Unchained Melody is now tied with Justin Timberlake's The 20/20 Experience for the most consecutive weeks at number one this year so far.
Rudimental climbed five places to two on the chart, while Imagine Dragons remained at three.
White Lies had the highest new entry at four with Big TV, with Passenger's All The Little Lights rounding out the top five.
Whether it's being used as a swanky party venue, floating showroom or private vessel, the Xhibitionist is certainly a boat designed to turn heads. The 75 metre long vessel is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht which even comes with its own supercar. Designed by Swedish-based car designer Eduard Gray, the slick ship's interior is decked out in Art Nouveau decor, with classic touches like a Steinway piano, a dual staircase, and fine crystal Baccarat lighting. But you'll need Bruce Wayne's bank account if you want to buy one. The lead-in price is 2 million euros (£16million) for a 'basic' model. Keeping with its automotive theme, the Xhibitionist has space for a car showroom and 'engine room', complete with exposed engines displayed behind glass walls. Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-hood-like deck to power the ship, and the panels double up as a concert space or helipad with space for three helicopters. The fly deck even features a Jacuzzi, and by night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting. As for the Xhibitionist's price? 'As far as investments go, the 75 m luxury yacht Xhibitionist concept resembles more of a real estate and marketing venture than a yacht.' If you have to ask, you know you can't afford it. Scroll down for video . Is it a boat, is it a car? No, it's a megayacht. The supercar designer's megaboat costs more than £16 million . The 229ft-wide Xhibitionist is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht designed by Swedish supercar designer Eduard Gray . Holy moley! A good sized helipad on deck ensures A-listers can be flown in if needed . Shiny shiny: Believe it or not this is actually the inside of the boat. It feels as large as an airplane hangar, but with an Art Nouvea vibe . Can we make it a car showroom? Apparently so, this boat is big enough to take an entire fleet of Bentleys . Opulence: Sofa space for chilling out, tick. But where's the television? And where better to chill out and watch the sunset than atop the deck... hang on, is that a band playing up there? It may look like a deep sea creature from the abyssal plains but this is just the megayacht with its lights on after dark . And of course every megayacht needs a megacar for those all important onshore errands. Right, have we run out of champagne again? Slimline: Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-bonnet-like deck to power the ship . And so to bed: By night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting .
By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Mollie King landed herself a modelling contract earlier this year - and it seems that another member of The Saturdays is giving her a run for her money. Vanessa White, known as the 'party girl' of the pop group, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women’s Special Talent division. Vanessa, 24, will be joining a roster of top UK faces including Agyness Deyn and Sienna Miller, as well as talents such as Laura Whitmore, Millie Macintosh and Tom Odell. Scroll down for video . Looking good! Vanessa White, who found fame with The Saturdays, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women's Special Talent division . Select is proud to welcome Vanessa to their agency with a representative saying: 'We love her unique personal style and presence, as do her fans. 'At Select Model Management we choose to work with influencers who have a strong and confident image and Vanessa's style and infectious personality work perfectly for us. We know she has great things ahead of her.' Vanessa rose to fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. As one of the youngest of the group, Vanessa became the only member to sing a solo in every song of their debut album, Chasing Lights. Happy to have her: The agency, who has Sienna Miller on its books, says they are proud to welcome Vanessa because they love her unique personal style and presence . Finding fame: Vanessa rose to immediate fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records, is known as the party girl of the group . 'She has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed,' say her agency. Vanessa added: 'I am so excited to have signed with Select Model Management. I have always adored fashion and I can't believe I am now on the books of one of the biggest and most respected modelling agencies in the country. 'I feel so lucky to be amongst other great talent.' Love her look: The agency say that the 24-year-old has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed . Vanessa is currently dating Gary Salter, who she has been with for over two years and they attended Frankie Sandford's wedding together at Woburn Abbey in Bedfordshire on Saturday. The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection. With performances from September 7-23 nationwide, the girls will no doubt wow their fans with a re-cap of their most successful pop moments. Girl group: Frankie Sandford, Una Healy, Rochelle Wiseman, Vanessa White and Mollie King of The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection . Where it all began: The five piece group started on their journey in 2009 and have since become one of the most successful girl groups of the decade .
(CNN) -- Spanish La Liga side Malaga have continued their recruitment drive with the purchases of French midfielder Jeremy Toulalan from Lyon and experienced Dutch central defender Joris Mathijsen from Hamburg. The 27-year-old Toulalan, who represented France at both Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup finals, has agreed a four-year contract and will be presented by the club at the end of June. He joined Lyon from Nantes in 2006 for $10.5 million, and is a regular for his country -- winning 36 international caps. German striking legend Klose completes move to Lazio . Meanwhile, Mathijsen, 31, spent five successful seasons at Hamburg and has won 72 caps for the Netherlands, playing in last year's World Cup final defeat by Spain. Malaga are owned by Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani, who has invested a lot of money into the squad, since purchasing the club in June 2010. They flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th in the table and coach Manuel Pellegrini has brought in the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Julio Baptista, Enzo Maresca and Martin Demichelis over the past year to launch a challenge for a Europa League place this season. Meanwhile, Premier League side Newcastle have made their second summer signing with the capture of Senegalese striker Demba Ba from relegated West Ham. Ba, 26, had a clause in his contract which allowed him to move on if West ham were relegated, and he joins French midfielder Yohan Cabaye in arriving at St James' Park. The signing makes some amends for Newcastle, who this week lost club captain Kevin Nolan, ironically to West Ham. The 28-year-old Nolan, the highest scoring midfielder in the Premier League last season with 12 goals, signed a five-year deal with the London side to be reunited once again with his former manager at Bolton, Sam Allardyce.
A postman has been jailed for stealing hundreds of packages containing valuables and then making £15,500 by selling them online. Andrew Barratt, 49, took an estimated 400 items such as satnavs, digital cameras and computer games which his wife Michelle, 38, then auctioned on eBay. Their scam was foiled in April 2012 when Royal Mail investigators posted an iPad with a tracking device. It failed to arrive and was followed to their home in Stockport. Andrew Barratt, 49, was jailed for 15 months while his wife Michelle (left) was given 120 hours' unpaid work . Barratt, a postman for 14 years, was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked. He was jailed for 15 months after admitting theft and converting criminal property. His wife was given 120 hours' unpaid work after pleading guilty to converting criminal property. At Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, Judge Leslie Hull said they had run 'a thoroughly dishonest scheme'. Barratt was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked from his position as a postman at Royal Mail . Most of the items had been sent out by Amazon – which had reported around 2,000 lost packages in the postcodes where Barratt worked. An eBay account under the name 'ShellB76' run by Mrs Barratt was found to have sold 463 items – most of them electrical goods – since June 2010. Their retail value was almost £21,000. Two of the items – a camcorder and a Sony Walkman – had been reported stolen to police. She told detectives she had bought the items at car boot sales, despite the fact many of the sales were computer games which had been released just days earlier. The couple eventually pleaded guilty on the day of their trial. Defending Mr Barratt, Milena Bennett said he had stolen the goods while 'self-medicating' psoriasis with cannabis and amphetamines. A Royal Mail spokesman confirmed Barratt was sacked and said they seek to prosecute any members of staff who tampers with mail. He said: 'Royal Mail has a zero tolerance approach to any dishonesty and that stance is shared by the overwhelming majority of postmen and women. 'We will not allow the actions of any individual to damage the good reputation of our thousands of hard-working postmen and women. 'It is a criminal offence to tamper with or delay the delivery of mail and anyone caught doing so will face serious disciplinary measures. 'Royal Mail will always seek to prosecute the tiny minority of people who abuse their position of trust.'
A woman in China has been slammed online after she prevented firefighters from breaking the window of her luxury car in order to rescue her trapped three-year-old son.

 China's state broadcaster CCTV reported that the incident, which occurred in the city of Yiwu in Zhejiang province last Saturday (July 11), triggered an outpouring of anger on social media.

 Large crowds had gathered after hearing the boy's cries of help coming from within the BMW, but were surprised to find his unperturbed mother standing outside the car.

 With the boy growing visibly weaker as he clawed in vain against the car window, firefighters attempted to break the window but were stopped by the mother.

 An eyewitness said the mother insisted that they wait for a locksmith to unlock the car door as she did not want to damage the car. But the firefighters ignored her and ended up smashing the window to rescue her son.

 "It is very dangerous to leave kids inside the car, especially in such heat," one firefighter was quoted as saying.

 "The temperature inside the car can soar in a very short time and threaten the child's life."

 Netizens expressed shock and disgust at the woman's actions.

 One wrote sarcastically: "Looks like the car window is her real son." ||||| BMW logos are displayed on a production line in Berlin. Reuters

 This post has been updated since it was first published. See note below.

 China’s Internet has lit up with debate this week after reports of a mother who left her young son alone in her BMW – then refused to smash the luxury car’s windows in order to rescue him from the heat.

 The mother, who has not been named in Chinese news reports, has since denied that she opposed smashing the window and says that she tried to break it herself, to no avail.

 Advertisement

 The incident took place last Saturday night, when firefighters in the city of Yiwu in coastal Zhejiang province received a call alerting them that a child was locked inside a BMW, according to the Zhejiang Online provincial news site.

 When the firefighters arrived, they found a young boy sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, crying and prying at the glass, the report said, citing one of the rescuers. The child had already been trapped in the car for about an hour, it said, and two locksmiths were already at work trying to open the door, while a large crowd was gathered around watching.

 According to Zhejiang Online, the firefighters began to negotiate with the child’s mother, who urged them to wait for the locksmiths to open the door. After several minutes they were still unsuccessful, and the crowd began to condemn the mother. Finally, the report said, the firefighters insisted on smashing the glass, saving the frightened child.

 Days after the initial report, the mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that the incident had been misunderstood. In an interview published Wednesday, she said that she had tried to break the window using a stone and hammer, and then called the police after her efforts failed. She maintained that she had hoped the locksmiths could open the door as the breaking glass could frighten or injure her 17-month-old son trapped inside.

 The Hangzhou-based newspaper also quoted a firefighter who defended the mother and said the confusion could have arisen because she “didn’t say anything” when he initially asked for permission to break the window.

 Photos posted online by the website showed large crowds of onlookers blocking a main street as they gathered around a fire engine and the black luxury car.

 On China’s Weibo microblogs – where reports of the incident had received more than 7.6 million views as of Thursday afternoon – users responded with fury to the initial report, with many arguing that the mother’s behavior was an example of values gone awry in modern China.

 “It’s clear that for this mother, a car is more important than her child,” one Weibo user wrote.

 “Leaving a child trapped in a car on such a hot summer day, and then refusing to smash the window? Do you really want your child to suffocate?” wrote another.

 Remarked another: “If you encounter this kind of situation, the answer is simple: First smash up the parents, then smash the glass.”

 After the mother’s defense, however, some users directed their rage at the media, arguing that the tale was only the latest case of a news story being blown out of proportion.

 “Some journalists know that ‘Dog Bites Man’ isn’t really news, so they try to rewrite it as ‘Man Bites Dog,’” one Weibo user wrote Thursday morning. “In the end they just cause a big stir.”

 China has experienced dazzling economic growth in recent years, and with it has come soul-searching over whether public values have now shifted toward the pursuit of material wealth at any cost.

 Owners of glitzy cars have become a particular scourge, with 80% of respondents in a Hurun Research Institute survey last year saying that they had heard negative news reports involving drivers of luxury vehicles. 70% of the bad publicity was related to BMW owners, the survey said.

 –Felicia Sonmez. Follow her on Twitter @feliciasonmez.

 (Note: This post has been updated to include comments from the mother and local rescuers in news reports published Wednesday, and subsequent reactions among social media users.)

 Sign up for CRT’s daily newsletter to get the latest headlines by email.



 For the latest news and analysis, follow @ChinaRealTime



  ||||| Chinese drivers of BMW cars are seen as newly rich, materialistic showoffs by drivers of other luxury brands. Yet such owners consider themselves relatively discreet entrepreneurs with a positive outlook on life.

 That’s just one of the findings of a survey of luxury car owners in China published Wednesday.

 The survey, conducted by wealth research firm Hurun Research Institute, compared the images of eight foreign luxury brands vying for a spot in the country’s luxury car market, which is widely expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s biggest in the next few years.

 But an anticorruption drive by the Chinese government is changing how those living the high life are perceived by a Chinese public that increasingly frowns on ostentatious displays of wealth.

 According to the report, 80% of all respondents had heard negative news about luxury car owners, which in years past have included a famous 2011 incident in which one BMW owner, son of a famous military singer, attacked a couple during a road rage episode. Of the bad publicity, 70% was related to BMW owners.

 The survey didn’t list similar statistics for other brands.

 BMW didn’t respond to requests for comment Wednesday.

 One hundred car owners for each of the eight brands were surveyed in selected cities across China between February and October. Respondents, of which three-quarters were male, had an average age of 33.5 years and average family income of just over 1 million yuan, or around $175,000.

 The survey found that Audi has the most clearly defined image of all brands, with owners seen as mature, experienced government officials. For some prospective luxury car buyers this can translate into, well, kind of boring. Audi says the days of its brand being closely associated with Chinese bureaucrats have passed and that its image has undergone a transformation toward more vitality.

 Of the leading three German brands that dominate China’s market, the self-image of those who drive Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz aligns very closely with how drivers of other luxury cars perceive them—namely, as successful, cultured entrepreneurs.

 For what it’s worth, Mercedes drivers also had the highest income among participants.

 The image of more recent entrants into China’s luxury car market is also becoming more defined.

 Jaguar Land Rover’s sport-utility drivers are seen as young showoffs with new money, the survey found. Land Rover owners had the lowest level of education among survey participants. JLR said Land Rover caters to a broad range of customers in China with diverse backgrounds.

 General Motor’s Cadillac drivers were seen as mature and successful (so much for that young, trendy image GM has been spending heavily to cultivate for the brand—from hiring actor Brad Pitt for advertising campaigns to hosting glamorous launch parties on Shanghai’s iconic Bund and sponsoring funky art installations.)

 Infiniti drivers were seen as glitzy, glamorous movie-star types whom China Real Time reckons probably need to wait tables by day–Infiniti owners had the lowest income among those surveyed. Infiniti said it targets young-minded premium customers.

 As for Volvo? Drivers of the Chinese-owned Swedish brand are seen as—yawn–highly educated, valuable members of society who are family-oriented and morally upright.

 –Rose Yu and Colum Murphy

 Note: This item has been updated to reflect comment from Jaguar Land Rover.

 _____________________________________

 Also popular on China Real Time now:

 China’s Over-Reliance on Guaranteed Loans, in 3 Charts

 As China Cracks Down on Illegal Videos, Lovers of Foreign TV Mourn |||||
 Tony Adams wants the current Arsenal squad to stop calling him ‘Mr Adams’. He wants to stop having to tell them how it feels to be a winner because none of them know. He wants them to start writing their own history, starting with lifting the FA Cup at Wembley. It feels fitting that Adams is speaking at Repton Boxing Club in east London, in front of a black and white poster screaming ‘No Guts No Glory’. He is incredulous that Arsenal could be stifled by the tag of favourites and seems equally unimpressed as he explains Arsene Wenger believes he has a squad capable of winning the Champions League. Mr Arsenal: Tony Adams (left) won plenty of trophies as Arsenal skipper including the 1989 league title . Tear it down: Adams has been honoured with a statue, but wants this generation to write a new history . But then Adams, as he puts it, ‘likes winning things’. The former Arsenal captain can look back on four League titles, three FA Cups and two League Cups between 1987 and 2002. If his old club secure fourth place in the Barclays Premier League and the FA Cup this season it would only mean the campaign has ‘not been a failure; not like having to play in the Europa League like Tottenham’. He adds: ‘None of this Arsenal team knows what it’s like to win a trophy for the club. Arsene remembers, but not these players. ‘I did a Q&A with some of the players the other week, and all the questions about winning were coming to me because they didn’t have the answers. ‘I was talking to Carl Jenkinson and Kieran Gibbs and I was telling them: “You need to know how it feels just to get over the line” because it’s a weird feeling. ‘It was normal for us to win games. I’m not so sure this group of players has that. ‘They call me Mr Adams and stuff! I’m not sure I ever called older players “Mister”. Ambition: Wenger badly wants to win the Champions League after coming so close in 2006, says Adams . Learning to win: Adams has had to answer questions about success to both GIbbs (left) and Jenkinson (right) ‘I want them to be pushing me to the side and ripping my statue down and make their own history. ‘They’re lovely guys, but they need leadership. Mikel Arteta’s a good pro without being, for me, a great player, but he will say “come on”. ‘(Per) Mertesacker’s been more verbal this year. I had a go at Per at the beginning of the season and said: “You don’t have to be Mr Nice Guy, you don’t have to be liked.” You don’t just go through your career letting it go by and missing the moment.’ Adams believes Wenger had ‘10 easy years’ in his first decade at Arsenal, having inherited that famous back five and an ‘unbelievable squad’ of players ‘ready to be taught’. The 47-year-old thinks the Frenchman should sign a new contract at the club, regardless of the outcome at Wembley, but disagrees with Wenger’s optimism about the potential of his squad to win Europe’s most glittering prize. Leaders: Both Arteta (left) and Mertesacker (right) have had to learn to be more assertive this season . ‘I think Arsene really wants to win the Champions League,’ says Adams, ‘and I think he still thinks this group of players can do it for him. While he’s still got that belief, he’ll stick around. ‘If he thought that this squad couldn’t win him the Champions League I think he’d move on to Barcelona or a club that would deliver that for him before he goes to Paris Saint-Germain. ‘Do I share that optimism? No, I don’t. I don’t think the full backs are good enough. They’ve really struggled this year. ‘But I think Arsene should stay. I think, financially, he does fantastic for the club and there’s a great structure in place and better the devil you know. ‘He came in to take over an unbelievable squad, with an untapped French market, and he found a captain who had sobered up six weeks ago and was ready to grab life, instead of grabbing a pint, so a lot of his circumstances are to do with timing. ‘When the teacher appeared, that team was ready to run. I think he had 10 easy years, really.’ In conjunction with The European Azerbaijan Society and to mark World Refugee Week, Tony Adams is promoting a gala charity boxing night at York Hall, East London, on Friday 27th June. Tickets are available at www.Repton-Gabala.eventbrite.co.uk and proceeds will go to the Mo Farah Foundation.
(CNN) -- When looking at the world's lowest unemployment rates, one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia. Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3%, ranking them in the top six overall, according to tradingeconomics.com. "One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China," said George T. Haley, a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "New Asian Emperors: The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese." Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead. But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world. "The U.S., in its policies back during the Vietnam War, encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism," Haley said. "And over time, it just became a good place to invest. You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government, and you had the growing economy, which just fed on itself." Speaking of the U.S., its unemployment rate is 9.2%, which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries. While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia, take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt. Many countries define unemployment differently, so it's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions. It's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010. Many countries are not on this list because they haven't released their rates in years, if at all. So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25%, they are likely far from the world's worst. The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries, and eight of them are above 50%. Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95%. Other notable countries on the table: . *** America's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors, Mexico (5.2%) and Canada (7.4%). *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs, especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa. Tunisia, the first government to fall, had an unemployment rate of 13% one month before its revolution. Egypt's rate was just under 12% in March. Morocco, another country in North Africa experiencing unrest, reported a rate of 9.1%.  *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union. Ireland and Greece are both above 14%, while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4%. But it's Spain, at 21.3%, that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU.
By . Anna Hodgekiss . Doctors using Skype to check on a patient at home helped save her husband’s life when he collapsed in front of them. Medics were monitoring kidney patient Brenda Griffin via the internet when they saw her husband, Peter, who was sitting next to her, keel over. The hospital staff immediately dialled 999 and told Mrs Griffin how she could unlink herself from her kidney dialysis machine so she could help her 70-year-old husband. Medics who were monitoring Brenda Griffin while she underwent dialysis via the internet saw her husband Peter collapse on camera and were able to guide Mrs Griffin on how to unlink herself and help her husband . Paramedics were alerted and he was was rushed to hospital where it was discovered he had bowel cancer. Mrs Griffin, 65, from Draycott, near Derby, said: 'I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t been using Skype that day. 'Skype had already given me my life back because it meant I could have my treatment at home. Now it’s saved my husband as well.' Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology to speak to patients at home. Mrs Griffin uses Skype on her tablet (pictured) to talk to experts, which allows her to have her kidney dialysis treatment at home. Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology so that patients do not have to spend so much time in hospital . Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time. But the treatment was gruelling and left her exhausted, so doctors came up with an alternative solution. Instead of traipsing into hospital, she would be able to stay at home to have her dialysis treatment, speaking face to face with staff at the hospital’s renal unit via Skype on her Kindle tablet. Mrs Griffin, a retired receptionist, said: 'My husband had set up the machine for me but it was one of those days where we were having problems with it, so I decided to Skype the unit. 'While I was talking, Peter suddenly said he didn’t feel well. He sat down and then, all of a sudden, he passed out. 'The hospital was asking what was going on as Peter came around. He went to go and mop his brow but then he passed out again. Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time . 'At this point, I was tied up to my machine so I couldn’t do anything. Peter normally helps me out with it. 'So the hospital sent out for the paramedics and then guided me on how to take myself off it. By the time I had managed to take the needles out, the paramedics had arrived. 'If it hadn’t been for Skype, I don’t know what would have happened. It’s a wonderful thing.' Mr Griffin, a retired British Rail supervisor, was taken to hospital after his collapse last November. Tests revealed he had collapsed and felt unwell because he was suffering from bowel cancer. Doctors operated on him the following month and he is now receiving lower doses of chemotherapy at home, through tablets. The hospital is hoping to extend Skype consultations to other departments.
They say it is a result of significant increase in loss of human lives from attacks by wild animals.
The problem is especially acute in buffer zones between human settlements and national parks.
In recent years, Nepal has developed a successful protection programme for many endangered species.
The Chitwan National Park in southern Nepal has more than 500 rhinos, up from half that figure few years ago, and more than 125 tigers.
The Bardiya National Park in the west now has more than 80 elephants, almost 10 times as many as there were in the 1990s.
In the Himalayas, the numbers of endangered species like snow leopards and red pandas have been growing as well.
And the country has nearly 24% of its land area as protected areas, including national parks, conservation areas and wildlife reserves.
With all these achievements in nature conservation, however, Nepal has also witnessed a rising number of human deaths and property losses because of wildlife.
In the last five years, more than 80 people have been killed by wild elephants while 17 of the animals died in retaliatory killings, according to forest ministry officials.
Last month, local people in Chitwan, southern Nepal, staged a strike and demanded that a rogue elephant be killed after it had taken the lives of three people.
A few months ago, a leopard in western Nepal caused terror as it killed more than a dozen people within a matter of weeks.
In eastern Nepal, herds of wild elephants continue to rampage, demolishing human settlements and raiding crops.
Meanwhile, common leopards are increasingly attacking children and livestock in the hilly region.
Further north, in the trans-Himalayan region, locals continue to complain about snow leopards preying on their livestock.
Although forest ministry officials are yet to compile the latest data on these losses, they do admit that such incidents have gone up remarkably.
"Before, we used to record about 30 human deaths because of wildlife attacks annually but in the past few years the figure appears to have risen significantly," said Forest Ministry spokesman Krishna Acharya who, until recently, headed Nepal's Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation.
He added: "The time has now come for us to determine how many such wildlife species we can have in our protected areas."
WWF's Nepal country director, Anil Manandhar, said the problem had become quite serious.
"This is now something that could become the biggest threat and setback for Nepal's success in wildlife conservation," he explained.
Wildlife experts say human settlements known as buffer zones around national parks have become flashpoints for human-wildlife encounters.
"The numbers of rhinos and tigers are increasing in the national park and they are moving out in search of food and space. Meanwhile, the increasing human population needs more of the natural resources available, and that competition creates conflict," said Mr Acharya.
Most of Nepal's national parks and protected areas are either in the Himalayan region or in the Tarai area, the southern plain land that border India.
Yet, wildlife-related loss of lives and properties are also increasingly being seen in the mid-hill region, geographically located between the Himalayas and Tarai plain land.
Conservationists point at the growing number of attacks on children and livestock by common leopards because this region has seen huge success in community forestry.
"We have been hearing complaints from farmers that community forests have more wildlife than in some national parks and therefore they are suffering losses of lives and properties," said Yam Bahadur Malla, country director for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in Nepal.
He also suggested it was necessary to scientifically demarcate the boundaries of national parks, as some species involved in the attacks were sometimes found outside the existing boundaries.
Forest ministry officials, however, said the chances of expanding existing protected areas were very slim because Nepal had already made huge swathes of land available for nature conservation.
Mr Acharya said the details of plans to limit wildlife growth were yet to be worked out but he added that one of the ideas would be to relocate some of the wildlife species.
"We have listed nine such species that can be trans-located from where there are quite many of them to where there are very few and such species include animals involved in conflicts with humans," he said.
Mr Acharya also hinted that Nepal will now not commit to protect more wildlife than the amount its protected areas could sustain.
"For instance, we have said we will double the number of tigers to 250. But as we cannot expand our protected areas, we will not be able to commit more than that," he said.
"Nor can we add new conservation areas."
An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook announced that he is gay. The 6ft-high statue had been put up outside a college in St Petersburg in January 2013 by a Russian group of companies called West European Financial Union (ZEFS) to honour Jobs. However, in a statement on Monday, ZEFS said they had to abide by a law combating 'gay propaganda' and that the memorial had been removed. Scroll down for video . Removed: An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook (right) announced that he was gay . The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company,  publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay. 'In Russia, gay propaganda and other sexual perversions . among minors are prohibited by law,' ZEFS said, noting that the . memorial had been 'in an area of direct access for young . students and scholars'. 'After Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly called for sodomy, the . monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law . protecting children from information promoting denial of . traditional family values.' Dismantled: The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay . Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law prohibiting what he called the spread of 'gay propaganda' among minors, and promoting 'traditional values'. Putin claims gay people in Russia are not discriminated against, and the law was needed only to protect young people. However, members of the gay community say the law has led to increased problems for them. The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February. Anger: The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February . Cook said he had decided to come out to help move forward . civil rights, confirming a fact that had been widely known in . the Silicon Valley tech community but was rarely discussed. Vitaly Milonov, a St Petersburg lawyer and campaigner against gay rights was among those behind the new law and, according to Russian media, has called for Cook to be banned from visiting Russia. ZEFS companies offer a range of products and services in areas such as real estate, construction, advertising and micro-financing. ZEFS head Maxim Dolgopolov, who ordered the removal . of the monument, expressed opposition to personal sanctions in . Monday's statement, but supported the 'protection of traditional . values' by law. 'Sin should not become the norm. There is nothing to do in . Russia for whose who intend to violate our laws,' he said.
In 2004, Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War, and the conservative Bush didn't. Rather than avoid the topic, Bush supporters came up with the notorious "Swift Boat" campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry's war record to negate a major strength. Such "attack the strength" tactics have been a staple of this year's presidential race, with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other. The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement: the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The premise is simple: In a political environment where perception often trumps policy, mount early challenges to your opponent's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters. For example, the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney's successful business career, portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs. The purpose was to blunt Romney's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy, the most important issue to voters. Meanwhile, Romney's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare, the popular health care program for senior citizens. By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week, Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan's proposal to partially privatize Medicare, so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $700 billion out of the government-run system. Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue, according to independent assessments. Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney's company, Bain Capital, occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999. On Medicare, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits, as alleged by the Romney campaign. PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign's claim as "mostly false." To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp's maneuver on Medicare was "a brilliant move." "They are going to be attacked on it anyway. They have 'jujitsued' this," Bonjean told CNN on Friday, adding: "It's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now, which I think they are being very effective at." Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part. A video spot by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC backing Obama, sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital. The ad, which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast, was rated "false" by PolitiFact. Now, a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown. A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states, but refused to discuss donors. Over a picture of Obama, the video's narrator says that the group's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit. The organization, which describes itself as nonpartisan, shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria, Virginia. Its spokesman, Chad Kolton, worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, and its president ran for Congress as a Republican. To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution, the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry's war record. "Obama's strong suit actually is on national security," said West, the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings. "He's the guy who got bin Laden, and that's been a central claim of his campaign. So there's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit." The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled, and the head of special operations, Adm. William  McRaven, recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit. "Make no mistake about it: It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation, that made the hard decisions," McRaven said. Like other top officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations. The White House has denied leaking classified information, and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations. Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch, and they call for an independent investigation. The "attack the strength" tactic is nothing new, but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove, who guided Bush's two presidential campaigns . "Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives don't do, and it's really an element of why he's a unique figure in American political life," journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "Karl Rove: The Architect." "He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that, Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent." That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry, said Slater, co-author of the book "Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential." "The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam," Slater said in the PBS documentary, "and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry, not his weakness." Others clearly  took notice. In attacking Romney's background at Bain Capital, the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign. Gingrich's criticism that Romney's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans. In response, Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee.
Google's Ad Preferences page shows you the profile Google has built up of your interests - based on information gleaned from your visits to site's within Google's advertising network . IT has been said that Google knows more about what you like than your own partner . Now the search giant has given a glimpse on just how much information it has collected - and who thinks you are. But it seems the famed Google algorithms are far from infallible. And people taking advantage of the facility that allows the public to view what kind of consumer Google thinks they are have been amused to find themselves listed with the wrong age and even sex. Nevertheless, the knowledge that Google works so hard to profile its 350m account holders is bound to intensify the debate about privacy which flared up again this week with the announcement that the company was going to start tracking users across all of its sites, including YouTube. The detailed personal 'profile' sums up many of a user's interests, along with age and gender. Google builds a detailed profile by harvesting the history of its account holders' visits to sites in its advertising network. But your age and gender are decided by those of other Google users who have visited the sites you visit, leading to the mistakes. 25 years out and the wrong gender. HmmmmPenny, LondonThis says I'm 65+ and male... last time I checked I was 42 and female!Lu, Madrid, SpainIt seems I've aged 20 years because I like home, gardening and cats. I may well turn into the mad cat lady in 20 years, but I'm not there yet! Sharon, Herts . One blogger from tech site Mashable found this week that Google's Ad Preferences page assume that she was middle-aged - and a man, simply because her interests included technology and computing. The profile page, called Ad Preferences, is hidden away inside a settings menu in Google Accounts, but can be accessed directly here. This sort of in-depth profiling raises alarm bells with privacy activists. 'Consumers have increasingly digital lives and they are developing an unfathomably large data trail every day,' says Rainey Reitman, activism director for privacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. 'There has never been another time in history where privacy was under the kind of assault it is today.' You can opt out of the tracking, or manually edit your details. Google also  does not store information on controversial subjects such as pornography. The Ad preferences page came to public attention following a sweeping change to 'privacy policy' which comes into effect on March 1, although the preferences page was launched some time ago. YouTube data, Gmail information and search data will all be used to build up ever more accurate advertising profiles and also the company claims it will make searches more personalised. The Mashable writer's interests meant that Google Ad Preferences identified her, wrongly, as being both middle-aged and a man . In most cases, though, the data is eerily accurate, bringing up a breakdown of interests, age and sex. The Advertising Preferences information that Google gathers . is sent out as a 'cookie' - a packet of information sent out by your . browser - whenever you visit other Google partners, who then serve up 'relevant' adverts when you visit their sites. Users who are fearful of the amount of information Google holds can block the profiling by disabling 'cookies' in their internet browser settings. Google says, 'We associate interests with your ads preferences based on the types of websites that you visit within the the Google Display Network.' 'For example, when you browse many gardening-related websites in the the Google Display Network, Google may associate a gardening preference with your cookie.' 'If the sites that you visit have a majority of female visitors, we may associate your cookie with the female demographic category.' Some users reported that Google had identified bizarre interests such as 'Sweets and Candy', and was duly serving them adverts appropriate to that 'interest'. You can manually change your 'interests' from your Ad Preferences page - although you cannot, of course, stop Google from sending you adverts.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking, few Western countries can compete with Britain. One of the world's prime financial centers, the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking. The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. With 23 banks, nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City, by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $22 billion. The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $531 billion. Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking, catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims. In 2004, the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB) opened its doors for the first time, becoming the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. A number of Britain's "big five" high street banks are getting in on the act. Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking, including mortgages, current accounts and trust funds for children. In the retail market, Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products. In the United States, only regional banks like University Bank, Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products. Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector. "In France, Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage. They are where we were three or four years ago," Sultan Choudhury, the IBB's director of sales told the Financial Times. British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims, but it is the British government's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world. Junaid Bhatti, who was involved with the setup of the IBB, told CNN: "Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking." The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent. Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth. Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN: "Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment. We're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK." Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches. Services include an Islamic current account, mortgage and child trust fund. Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain, with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $1.7 billion in 2007. But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem. Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks, equating it with "terrorist finance." "There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic," said Abdi Shayesteh, an attorney at law firm King and Spalding, which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s. "The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s," Shayesteh told CNN. With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout (and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services), Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market. "We have at least 3.6 million [potential customers] at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into," he explained. Even so, with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another, which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities, and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products, the market remains unexploited for now. E-mail to a friend .
By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 06:43 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:28 EST, 1 March 2013 . Elderly people who have difficulty remembering their way home could benefit from a new Android-powered walking stick with built in sat-nav. Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature. Concerned family members can also follow the smart cane's location online and receive email alerts of the device suspects its user may have fallen over. No more getting lost on the way back from bingo... Fujitsu showcased this sat-nav equipped walking stick aimed at the elderly and disabled at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona . The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take. As yet it cannot be merely queried for directions like a more typical GPS device like the ones in cars and on smartphones. Japan-based Fujitsu showcased the prototype device, which looks a little like an upside down golf club, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Pocket-lint reported. Technology for the elderly is a key concern in Fujitsu's home market, where more than 20 per cent of people are over 65 - the highest proportion of senior citizens of any country in the world. The smart cane comes equipped with various connection technologies, including GPS, 3G and WiFi, that allow it to find its way and send back information to the computer it is synced with. Technology for the older generation: Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature . Clear and easy to read: Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn . Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn. A carer using the host computer can see the location of the stick, as well as additional data about the user, such as heart rate, measured by a thumb pad on the handle, and how many times the cane is tapped on the ground. If there are any problems detected, the gadget can automatically alert the emergency services and guide them to its location, the BBC reported. Sync: The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take . Alongside the cane, Fujitsu also showed off its new smartphone designed for the 'mature customer, dubbed the Stylistic. It runs on a modified version of Google's Android OS which is designed to be easy to use for people who are not familiar with mobile technology, and can even change the frequency of audio to make calls easier for older ears to hear. The Stylistic will launch in Europe from June, beginning with France. There is no planned release date for the Next Generation Cane, but AllThingsD reports that Fujitsu had been impressed by the interest it received at the MWC and would bring it to market soon.
Their faces are etched with deep lines that reveal lives lived in hardship. Their expressions captured by UK-based artist and photographer Lee Jeffries, who strives to reveal the human face of addiction, the reality of homelessness and the real face of poverty through his work. Travelling the globe Mr Jeffries, who is a full-time accountant, has sought to capture the faces of those people shunned by society. His latest project took him to Miami in Florida. There he met Margo Stevens, a former porn star resigned to living on the streets of the Overtown district. Photographer Lee Jeffries has made it his mission in life to give a human face to poverty, addiction and homelessness. For his latest project he spent two weeks in Miami, where he met former porn star Margo Stevens (pictured) Ms Stevens (right) was a successful adult film star in the 1990s, living a comfortable life from the money she made, supplement by working as an escort. Today she lives on the streets of the Overtown district of Miami, in an abandoned garage with five other girls, who sell their bodies for sex to feed their drug addictions . In two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals Ms Stevens to be a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Pictured is a woman called Trish, who works on the streets using the name 'Snow' 'Her story is stark,' Jeffries told MailOnline. 'She is a beautiful person, whose story is both fascinating and tragic. 'She's been exploited her whole life, but still she remains incredibly human. 'Margo was a well-known porn star in the 1990s, she lived the life back then. But her fall to life now hit me hard.' Jeffries said he found Ms Stevens sleeping in an abandoned garage, meausring 12ft by 6ft, with five other girls. Most are addicted to heroin, and all live off the money they make as sex workers. He spent two weeks with Ms Stevens learning about the fate which befell her. After stripping in clubs in Cleveland for a living as a young woman, she fell into working in the adult film industry becoming an escort. For years she lived comfortably from the earnings she made. But eventually life dealt her a cruel hand. Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. Sex worker Trish is pictured without the wig she wears, when she assumes her alter ego Snow (picture above) Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers stories of survival, women driven to selling their bodies as a means of feeding their addiction struggling through life with nowhere else to turn. Pictured is Brittany . The girls in Overtown survive. Labelled "crack whores" some will use their bodies to get the next $10 fix and are often treated worse than stray dogs by the men there. Jeffries said: 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out.' A devastating spiral of homelessness, drug addiction and prostitution ensued. But in two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers a story of survival, a story of a woman driven to sell her body as a means of feeding her addiction with nowhere else to turn. 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. 'She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. 'She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out. 'But she is a human being, she looks out for other people. She is so much more than the drugs and the prostitution, the labels. She cares for the younger girls she stays with, often to the detriment of herself.' Jeffries hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. Pictured is Latoria . Ms Stevens is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. Pictured is Latoria . Of his work, Jeffries said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do' Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. In an interview filmed by Jeffries, Ms Stevens reveals her starting rate in the industry was $500 and the contracts she signed were such that she made no money off the continued reproduction of her performances. 'A lot of people in the industry are quite slimy,' she said. 'They do a lot of exploiting. There are a lot of things about the adult industry that need to change.' Addressing the financial exploitation, she adds: 'It makes me feel a fool. I'm responsible for that. I let that happen.' But when asked by Jeffries if she regrets her path in life, Ms Stevens tells the camera, 'no'. 'Not at all,' she said. It is a brave and honest answer, one which garners Jeffries' respect and admiration. Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page. Homeless man John is often spotted on Lincoln in South Beach making flowers out of palm leaves for tourists . An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity . Jeffries' work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Pictured is Smoke, he has been shot three times, once in the face a few years ago . He hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. For she is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. He said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do.' Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page, see below. An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity. His work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Another of Jeffries subjects is Cowboy, who sleeps rough on the streets of Overtown .
Bernard Gavrin, from Brooklyn, New York, who will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia this month, 70 years after he went missing during the Second World War . An American soldier will finally be buried with full military honours, 70 years after he went missing in action during the Second World War. The Department of Defense has confirmed that Army Private Bernard Gavrin from Brooklyn, New York, will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery after his remains were discovered only last year. According to the Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, Private Gavrin was just 29 when he was reported missing on July 7, 1944. His regiment has been in Saipan, Japan, in the Northern Mariana Islands of the western Pacific Ocean and came under heavy attack, suffering many casualties. Mr Gavrin was declared dead in July 1945 and by 1948, his remains were deemed non-recoverable. However, in recent years, excavations in Saipan by a Japanese non-profit group have turned up the remains of several American and Japanese soldiers from the Second World War. Last year the remains and personal items from American soldiers were uncovered and were handed over to the American government for testing. It then emerged that the remains of Mr Gavrin were among them after they were tested using a family member's DNA. Mr Gavrin's 82-year-old nephew David Rogers, of Delray Beach, Florida, said he was planning to be at the burial in the cemetery on September 12. He said it was 'absolutely incredible and unbelievable to all of us' that Gavrin would be laid to rest in 'the most honorable place you could be buried in this country.' Mr Rogers, whose mother was Gavrin's sister, said the private was the youngest of three children and had enlisted in 1940. He said the last time he saw his uncle was when he was eight-years-old and his uncle came to visit. Mr Rogers had injured himself, requiring stitches, and Mr Gavrin went to his bedroom. Mr Gavrin will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia on September 12 . 'He awakened me and kissed me on the forehead,' Rogers said. He also recalled how the loss of his uncle was shattering and said that when the telegram came to inform the family he was missing, that his grandmother, Mr Gavrin's mother, opened it. He added: 'She let out a scream that lives with me to this day.'
The RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains.
Labour urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate.
Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution.
The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas.
Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations.
"The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation."
The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system.
But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers.
A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "Everyone wants to see an end to these strikes, Scotland's rail passengers most of all.
"The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have engaged with both sides throughout to find a solution, which we still believe lies in meaningful discussion.
"To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all.
"The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers."
Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend.
Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow, Cumbria, in December 2012.
In January, a judge ruled she had been sexually assaulted by her father, Paul Worthington, who denies any wrongdoing.
He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in August 2013.
Reaction to the CPS announcement
Key dates in Poppi Worthington case
A CPS spokesman said: "The CPS has looked at the original decision in this case that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction - as we often do in other cases.
"We have reached the same conclusion."
In a statement released following the announcement, Poppi's mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she was "desperate" to understand more about the police investigation and the events leading up to her daughter's death.
Speaking on her behalf, solicitor Fiona McGhie, said: "She is angry and disappointed with the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service and wishes to be given time and space at this difficult time as we approach the inquest."
Cumbria Police, which is being investigated by the police watchdog, has been criticised over its investigation into the death, after it emerged officers failed to preserve vital items for forensic analysis.
Chief Constable Jerry Graham said the force "deeply regrets" the way the case was handled.
In January, Mr Justice Peter Jackson's ruling was made as part of care proceedings in the family court involving Poppi's siblings.
He concluded the force carried out no "real" investigation into the death of the toddler for nine months, and highlighted a list of basic errors in evidence-gathering.
Speaking after the CPS announced its decision, Mr Graham said the investigation had fallen "below standard".
He said: "I would like to make a full and heartfelt apology to Poppi's family and all those who loved her."
He said the main failings were not preserving potentially relevant evidence from Poppi's home and the length of time it took to interview family and key witnesses.
He also said forensic analysis was not carried out quickly enough and accurate records were not kept.
Prosecutors originally decided there was insufficient evidence "to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", but in January the CPS said it was reviewing the case.
Cumbria police and crime commissioner Peter McCall said: "I am disappointed that despite a re-investigation no criminal charges will be brought.
"The constabulary has let Poppi down as no-one has been brought to justice for her tragic death."
Barrow Labour MP John Woodcock said he was "bitterly disappointed" at the CPS decision and that Cumbria Police's mistakes had "thwarted the chance of ever getting justice for Poppi's death".
A second inquest into the toddler's death is due to take place in the autumn.
Sicily, Italy (CNN) -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean, scouring the blue seas below for signs of life. The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex, the European Union's border patrol agency. Its mission isn't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent's southern shores -- it's to save lives. The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily, including the area around Lampedusa, an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats. In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores, and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again. INFOGRAPHIC: How illegal immigrants enter the EU . The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight. Human trafficking in the region is big business, and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers. "On the missions, every week we find three or four targets of interest," the aircraft's captain told CNN. "The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex [give us the coordinates for] ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex." Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe. Often those vessels will be old, rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey. In some cases, sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well. On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat, which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe. OPINION: Europe's immigration nightmare just beginning . The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances. The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board, but they're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck. Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent. An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe, and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board. Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy, Greece or Malta. The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones, with over 400 people living on site. OPINION: EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize . One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria. He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued. "There was no food, [there was] excrement inside the boat. People were vomiting inside the boat, we were vomiting everywhere. It was horrible," he told CNN. Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again, he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe. Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo, one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe. He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea. Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean. "The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood. God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close," he said. But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances. That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd, when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic. OPINION: What's the place of outsiders in Europe? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans. At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank, but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship. He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck. "Some of us had parents or wives or children on there, we were part of that group. But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay," he told CNN. Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge, even though he cannot put numbers on it. He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months, but this year there has been no let-up. He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea, but also to the growing despair in places like Syria, Eritrea, and Nigeria, where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram. It does not look like those waves will stop. Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders, they might be able to contain migration for a while, but they will never be able to stop it.
Otsuchi, Japan (CNN) -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan's tsunami survivors. The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions. She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami; a hotel that had been in her family for generations. She was determined not to let the disaster break her. But after the elation of finding her son alive, the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade. She was in turmoil. She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her, if not more. They were "ganbaru," she recalls -- enduring, holding on, withstanding, and living with the pain. She couldn't be the only one to lose control. "I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone," she says, six months on from that terrible day. "I didn't know what to do from then on. I became tormented." That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair. It's a familiar story in Otsuchi, northeastern Japan, where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble. Today, much of that physical debris has been cleared away. But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove, as the mental scars from that day linger months later. In Ogawa's case, depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa, a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center. Morikawa became the difference between life and death. She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor hadn't been there for her. "I was so moved by her approach to life," recalls Morikawa. "She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much, but she also desperately wanted to get over that. I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation. I just helped her a little." Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are growing among mental health specialists working in the region. PTSD in particular, a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed, can show up months after the initial shock. Suicide is also a major concern in Japan. According to the World Health Organization, Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world. More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year, according to the country's national police agency, with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems. Mariko Ukiyo, a psychologist and volunteer counselor, is part of a therapy group called "Team Japan 300." She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides. According to Ukiyo, loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing. "It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life," she says. "The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens, you lose all hope for the future. I think this period is when they need help the most." But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan, a country with limited experience in mental health care historically. Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced. According to Ukiyo, the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak. Ukiyo's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere. This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants, observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress. The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems. But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region's future with trauma. "We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami," she says. She believes suicide rates will only increase. Meanwhile, Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim. She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future. She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her. While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa, he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region. "Now that I have met these people, I have grown attached to them," he says. "It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here. I can't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to."
Former Prime Minister John Howard has been allowed to go home after being rushed to hospital with heart problems earlier this week. The 75-year-old was taken to the emergency department at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital on Monday. He had been playing a round of golf when he suddenly felt tightness in his chest, the ABC reports. Former Prime Minister John Howard was released from hospital on Friday after feeling a tightness in his chest . Mr Howard had two stents inserted at North Shore Private after two blockages were found in his arteries. He did not suffer a heart attack, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The former MP is now recovering at home after being discharged on Friday. A spokesperson said he would be back in his office by next week. He was rushed to Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital in the middle of a golf game and had two stents inserted .
(EW.com) -- This week's episode of "How I Met Your Mother" featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker. After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress, a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter. Tear up? Join the club. But would you have guessed that the moment wasn't even part of the greater plan for the season? "We had a week of treading water, to be honest," says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays. "We have the arc of the season going, but this was one week where there wasn't one, specific big event happening. We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward." So, he says, they took a "step back," and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series. "We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons," he jokes. Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we've been with the gang. But as Bays sees it, it's also a great reminder of where we're going -- without giving everything away. Yes, he admits, they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we wouldn't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now. "He's so good at making that look natural," he says, laughing. "He's a magician; he's good with his hands. He knows what he's doing" But does Barney? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man. To be fair, Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track. But after just a few episodes of courting, they're living together...and liking it! Is it all too fast? Bays doesn't think so. "I think Barney is in love. At a certain age, you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most," he says. "And I think that's Quinn right now for Barney." The best way to show that, he says, was to break barriers -- by breaking wind. "We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years, and we did pretty well without it. And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away: You're going to be embarrassed that you're doing it at the table read, and you know that in the final cut, it's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh," he says. "And it's not 'Blazing Saddles' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans â€” it's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship. It's a big relationship moment." So where do they go from here? For one, Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly, he says, and next week, we'll see more from Robin (Colbie Smulders) than we did in this episode. "Robin, there is some excitement in her life coming up, especially next week's episode," he says. When we pick up, Robin and Ted still aren't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship. "We went for the reality of those situations," he says. "I feel like on this show we've gone as far as we can go where it's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out, with these big thing happen to them that don't really change things. Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted's in love with her, and she's not in love with him. It's complicated." But, not to worry, he says. "I feel like [there's] a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close." See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
By . Dave Wood . Luis Suarez has little to smile about following his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini but fans were queuing up to have a laugh at his expense. A poster featuring the Uruguay striker baring his teeth became a major attraction on Copacabana Beach in Rio as it provided the perfect backdrop for a photo opportunity. FIFA announced on Thursday that Suarez was suspended from all football-related activity until the end of October and he would miss Uruguay's next nine internationals. The news was relayed to commuters over the travel message boards on London Underground. VIDEO Scroll down for hilarious Suarez gif depicts the the Uruguay striker as Jaws . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . It didn't take long for Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Chiellini to viral - although perhaps people were expecting it. Within . moments of the Uruguay striker appearing to sink his teeth into . Chiellini's shoulder fans were scanning the net for photos and video . clips of the incident. And quick-thinking internet wizzes were putting together their best efforts to create viral jokes soon after. On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On the ball: The news broke just before the busy evening rush hour . Viral: This was tweeted supposedly depicting Luis Suarez as a child with a Hannibal mask on . Solid gold: Suarez picked up another award after a great season, according to some on Twitter . Yummy: Snickers' Twitter account got in on the act by publishing this viral with #luissuarez . Starving: Suarez's head has been added to the game Hungry Hippos as well . He's got my arm! Suarez (right) is depicted as having taken off Chiellini's arm with his bite . They've got him! Suarez depitced being captured like a dog following his biting incident . There's something in the water... Suarez is depicted as Jaws in this viral . Jokes: At least some could see the funny side of Suarez's actions - including some edited Panini stickers . Chez Suarez: Which other footballers could be on the menu? Biter: @SBNation cast Suarez as blood-sucking vampire Dracula after he appeared to aim a bite at Chiellini . Reaction: Hilarious vine depicting what Chiellini's response to the Suarez incident would be . An Argentinian twitter user was subjected to abuse on the social media site as fans confused him for Luis Suarez. Diego . Suarez, whose twitter handle is @Suarez, received so many vile tweets . that he said he was considering closing his account down. 'Please . stop I am not Uruguayan, I am not Luis Suarez' the unfortunate . Argentinian tweeted. 'I am not Luis Suarez, there are many Suarez in the . world'. Chiellini was subject to a shocking attack by Liverpool forward Suarez, who sunk . his teeth into his opponent just before Diego Godin's matchwinner in Uruguay's 1-0 win. It . wasn't the first time that the Uruguayan has sunk his teeth into an . opponent. Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and PSV Eindhoven's Otman Bakkal . were previous victims in 2013 and 2010 respectively. Christmas stocking filler: The Suarez bottle opener would probably be a best-seller if it was real . Spot the difference: Luis Suarez sinks his teeth into Branislav Ivanovic . Doubled up: And then of course there was another Suarez heat-map, this time showing his impact on Chiellini . Better option: Chicken chain Nando's were one of the first to reach out to the Uruguay striker with other options . Fancy an Italian? And Bella Italia were quick to follow up with an offer at one of their 90 UK restaurants . Proof: Some even joked about FIFA's overused goal line technology that has been noted during the tournament . How many times: Suarez's previous misdemeanors had not gone unnoticed by football fans online . Sniggers: Was Suarez's bite because he hadn't eaten before kick-off in the Group D decider? Bite over bark: Suarez has been likened to Jaws before and again he is proving it's not safe to be around him . VIDEO Suarez in another biting storm .
By . Toby Harnden  and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally.  'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.
By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:47 EST, 22 July 2013 . Children born in Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle and New York, a fascinating new study has shown. Top economists at Harvard and University of California, Berkeley analyzed millions of anonymous earnings records to compare income mobility across metropolitan areas - and the results are surprising. Living in an area with higher average incomes, larger tax credits for the poor or more local colleges does not necessarily improve the chances of someone rising beyond the station of their birth. But four broad factors did appear to have an affect, researchers pointed out, and they included the size and dispersion of the local middle class. The city where you live: The interesting study found the odds of rising to another income level are notably lower in certain cities, like Atlanta, and much higher in places like New York . If all else was equal, Americans living in cities with poor families more dispersed among mixed-income neighborhoods are more likely to climb the income ladder. Children growing up in areas with more two-parent households, better elementary schools and high schools, and more civic engagement, including membership in religious and community groups, were also more able to pull themselves out of poverty and up the income scale. 'Where you grow up matters,' Nathaniel Hendren, a Harvard economist and one of the study’s authors, told The New York Times. 'There is tremendous variation across the U.S. in the extent to which kids can rise out of poverty.' Atlanta: Children born in Atlanta, pictured, are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in other cities . Where you lived matters less for well-off children than for middle-class and poor children, the researchers found. The chances that wealthy children grow up to be wealthy are broadly similar across all cities it appears. Metropolitan areas with larger black . populations had lower upward-mobility rates, but the researchers . believed this was not primarily because of their race. For example, both . white and black residents of Atlanta have low upward mobility, The . Times reported. Interestingly . Atlanta and Seatle have a similar average income, yet the difference . between upward mobility rates in the two cities are stark. On . average, fairly poor children in Seattle — those who grew up in the . 25th percentile of the national income distribution — do as well . financially when they grow up as middle-class children — those who grew . up at the 50th percentile — from Atlanta, according to The Times. Moving up the ladder: The study found children living in parts of California and the Northeast were far more likely to climb the income ladder than areas with the same average income in other parts of the country . Yet, children who moved from a city with poor rates of income mobility to a city with higher mobility rates at a young age were found to do almost as well at climbing the income ladder as kids who lived their whole lives in the latter region. If they moved as teenagers, however, they did less well, suggesting the characteristics of different regions rather than something inherent and unchangeable in the residents is responsible. The researchers pointed out that their data allowed them to identify only correlations not the causes for the intriguing patterns they discovered.
The two pieces of debris were found separately by members of the public and were flown to Australia for analysis.
Darren Chester said the finds were "consistent with drift modelling" of how debris from the missing plane may have been carried by ocean currents.
MH370 vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board.
It was flying from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and is widely believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean after veering off course.
The fate of the plane, its passengers and crew remains one of aviation's biggest unsolved mysteries.
The only confirmed piece of debris found so far has been a section of wing called a flaperon, which was found on the Indian Ocean island of Reunion.
One of the parts retrieved in Mozambique was found on a sandbank by an amateur US investigator in late February and the other in December by a South African tourist.
Mr Chester said the investigation team had finished examining the debris and found both were "consistent with panels from a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft".
"The analysis has concluded the debris is almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement.
He said it showed that the vast deep-sea search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean, being led by Australia, was focusing on the right place.
The search, also involving experts from China and Malaysia, is scanning the sea floor, much of it previously unmapped, in the hope of locating the wreckage.
Mr Chester said it would continue for now, with 25,000 sq km (10,000 sq miles) of ocean still be to searched.
"We are focused on completing this task and remain hopeful the aircraft will be found."
But the three countries have said that barring significant new evidence, they will end the operation once the area has been fully searched. The search is expected to be completed in the coming months.
By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's  speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word  on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'
About 30 people had been living in tents on St Peter's Square, outside the Central Library, since 15 April.
Manchester City Council had been issued a warrant to close the camp, with campaigners losing an appeal.
The demonstrators have now set up another settlement about half a mile away, in St Anne's Square.
Police and bailiffs arrived at about 08:00 BST to break up the St Peter's Square camp.
Some protesters packed up their tents and equipment and left the area peacefully, but others resisted.
Campaigners said they wanted to highlight a crisis in temporary housing and the plight of homeless people.
The council said some demonstrators had been behaving "entirely inappropriately" in a public area.
Deputy Leader of Manchester City Council Bernard Priest said: "While it is entirely legitimate to raise concerns about homelessness, there have been issues with offensive graffiti and other forms of vandalism, fighting, public urination, street drinking, litter and loud music being played.
"The camp has now cost the council and Greater Manchester Police more than Â£88,000 in additional policing, security and legal costs. In the current climate, this is not an extra cost any public body can shoulder lightly.
"Over the last month, our homelessness service has provided support and advice to more than 20 members of the camp - as they work regularly with other homeless people across the city - and officers were present prior to and during the eviction to provide accommodation to anyone willing to accept it."
(CNN)  -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore. Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons, and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11. Despite the close ties -- "she called me mommy and she was my daughter" -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore's marriage to Ryan Jenkins. The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas, Nevada, wedding. An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins, a reality TV contestant. Authorities believe he's fled to Canada. Fiore's body was found Saturday, stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County, California. Interviewed from San Francisco, California, Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore. "She didn't tell me that she married him. She told me [about] the day that they met, which was St. Patrick's Day," Beauregard said. "She called me the day after and she said: 'Mommy, I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan.' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was. And that was all I knew." Beauregard told King she's never met Ryan Jenkins. Mike Fleeman, the West Coast editor of People.com, described more details of Fiore's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King. "They met in Las Vegas. Two days later [in March], they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel. That's, of course, where Britney Spears got married," Fleeman told King. "It was a quickie wedding. We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding. One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel. A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married. They kept it under wraps. And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning," Fleeman said. Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December. Beauregard told King that Fiore, who was 28 when she died, started modeling in her early 20s. Despite their deep bond, Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother, Lisa Lepore. "She was close to her mother, as well, but it was a different type of closeness." Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed. Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation. "It was very clear from the very beginning, when they found her body in a piece of luggage, that we weren't dealing with a serial killer. I knew it was somebody who knew her and [that her killer] wanted to make sure that she was not identified," Brown said. "This is why he [the suspect[ ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth. He even got smart. He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID, took away her clothes, put her in the luggage, probably because it's one way to get her of an apartment. And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it, she'll decompose, they'll never be able to identify her," Brown said. Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "Megan Wants a Millionaire" and "I Love Money 3." "This is a very arrogant man," Brown said. "Megan said it right on the show. She said he's a manipulator. He is. He has evidence of psychopathy there." The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore's circle of friends hard. "Ryan Jenkins is an animal," said Robert Hasman, a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years.  Watch Hasman speak out » . "What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable. It's just not right." He described her as "a beautiful person who was a very caring individual." Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "Larry King Live" that Jenkins is the only suspect. "There is no indication that anybody else might be involved," he said. "We believe he's armed because there's a handgun missing from his apartment, which is the last place he was before ... he fled. So it appears that he's armed. And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.
Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury, ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video, which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig, analysts said Sunday. And if there's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig, it's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group, also known by the acronym ISIL, said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation, an anti-extremist think tank. "As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL, we will find that they try and show that they are still strong, try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been, and unfortunately one of the things we'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric," he said. "I think it's a sign of desperation," he said. "I think it's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack, they're under siege and they're struggling." The video, released online Sunday, shows the aftermath of a beheading, in which the victim is not clearly recognizable. The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig. Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam in captivity, also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig. He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker, feeling compelled to help victims of war. The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government, which is also battling ISIS forces. "It can't be said enough," said CNN's Nic Robertson. "This is the most barbaric they've done so far." The carefully produced video is clearly "a prize piece of propaganda for them," Robertson says. It also differs from others produced by ISIS. It doesn't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death. Nor does it name the group's next victim. It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS' orders when it comes calling, said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini, a counterterrorism expert. "What ISIS is telling them is, 'When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you, you know what the consequences are if you say no,'" Ruffini said. But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide, said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "Spider" Marks. Has ISIS peaked? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq . It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey. "Clearly there are no coincidences," Marks told CNN on Sunday. "This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and, I would say, the results of those activities." Since beginning airstrikes in August, U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics, slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations. Last week, President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters. More recently, U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight. In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Dempsey said commanders are "certainly considering" the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul, currently held by ISIS. In Sunday's video, the narrator taunted Obama to do just that. Hostages tortured before beheadings .
By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has risked his own life to save a little boy from suffocating after he was left dangling from a building with his head trapped in a window grid. Neighbour Zhou Bo went outside of his own property after hearing a commotion in the street in Lingwu, Ningxia, China. It was then he spotted the young boy dangling from a fourth-storey window with his head wedged between metal bars. Helping hand: Zhou Bo went to the aid of a young boy left dangling from a fourth-storey window after getting his head stuck in a grid in Lingwu, Ningxia, China . Dangerous: Zhou Bo managed to prevent the boy from suffocating by holding him up by his feet while also balancing on stool perched on a window sill . He said: 'I went there, and saw a boy dangling in the air, as his head was stuck in between the window grid.' Zhou could see that the boy was suffocating as his feet had nothing to stand on. He dashed inside and raced up to the flat but found the door locked. He then went one floor below but discovered that the gap between that window and the dangling boy was too great. Zhou said: 'Without help, the boy would be suffocated soon, or he has the danger of dropping down'. So Zhou found a chair and balanced it precariously on the third-storey window ledge before standing on it and supporting the trapped boy's feet from underneath. 'I felt time froze, and my arms went numb but firemen still didn't arrive,' said Zhou. Finally, firefighters arrived 40 minutes later and were able to break into the apartment and pull the boy, who had been left home alone, to safety. Waiting game: Zhou Bo had to hold the position for 40 minutes until firefighters arrived at the scene . Safe and sound: The young boy pictured with his mother after being released from the window grid .
By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 29 November 2013 . He's often lauded as one of the world's most sexiest men - but David Beckham has revealed a distinctly un-sexy memory. The retired footballer has confessed to performing a sex act on himself while looking at calendar of Welsh footballer Clayton Blackmore as part of his initiation into Manchester United's youth team. The 38-year-old recalled how his Class of '92 teammates forced him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at eighties Reds legend Clayton Blackmore. Scroll down for video . Beckham's teammates required him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at a Clayton Blackmore calendar . Beckham revealed he had to look at Clayton Blackmore's calendar and do certain things to himself . The midfielder said he got the short-straw with his humiliation, revealing to the Metro: ‘One of mine was surprising! The Clayton Blackmore!’ Recalling his teen horror, he said: ‘Everyone had an initiation that you had to go through on the youth team, that was one of the most uncomfortable ones!’ 'The fact that I had to look at Clayton Blackmore’s calendar and do certain things, while looking at Clayton Blackmore…’ Forced to recall the humiliating ceremony on camera for a documentary on his former team, called 'The Class of '92', he said: ‘I was embarrassed when I was saying it on camera let alone talking about it more. But it’s something that we all had to go through. It was definitely something I wouldn’t like to go through again!' High jinks: Beckham joined the Manchester United Youth Team in 1992 and became firm friends with the other players . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates . Suppressing the memories: Becks said he got the short-straw with his humiliation . David Beckham, who has four children with wife Victoria, says he would rather forget the ritual . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates. His confession follows a series of revelations,including that Sir Alex Ferguson was . like 'the godfather' of Manchester United because of his totalitarian . approach to managing the club. He described the Reds' most-decorated manager as the 'godfather - and not in a good way,' to BBC Breakfast. 'Not in a bad way [either] but we were all very scared of him.' The former United midfielder admitted that players were 'scared' of the patriarch, renowned for his sharp Scottish tongue. The 38-year-old, who retired at the end of last season, also said he blew his first big pay packet on a flashy BMW. 'My first thing that I spent money on was a BMW. That was my first cheque from Adidas, and I just blew the whole thing in one go,' Beckham told the Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Absolute Radio. 'We started getting a little bit more money than we were in the youth team, you know, I went and blew it. I was still living in digs at the time, and I literally blew all my money on a BMW.'
America

 Staffers Walk Out Of Congress In Protest Over Brown And Garner Cases

 i itoggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images

 Dozens of congressional staff members walked out of the Capitol at 3:30 p.m. ET Thursday, in a show of support for protesters angered by recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

 Wearing suits, ties and overcoats, the staffers stood several rows deep on the steps of Capitol Hill before making the hands-up gesture that has come to symbolize frustration with the deaths of the two unarmed black men at the hands of police. They stood silently with their arms raised for a moment before disbanding and walking down the steps.

 While the event was spearheaded by the Congressional Black Associates, it also drew other staff members, including the Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association, according to CNN.

 A few members of Congress came out to the steps, including Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas. The short event included a prayer from U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black.

 The protest comes a week after Rep. Marcia L. Fudge, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said she was "deeply disappointed" by a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to level charges in the Garner case.

 Noting that the decision was similar to another jury's findings in Ferguson, Mo., Fudge wrote:

 "In the span of two weeks, this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear: there will be no accountability for taking Black lives. As an American, it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all." ||||| Story highlights Congressional staffers are planning to walk off their jobs Thursday at 3:30 p.m.

 Staffers said they are showing solidarity to communities affected by a decisions not to indict officers in killing unarmed black men

 Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner in the wake of the decision by two grand juries not to indict the police officers responsible for their deaths, according to three staffers who plan to participate in the event.

 The planned walkout comes after days of protests across the country, including in Washington, D.C., where demonstrators have marched through downtown, blocking roads and bridges on an almost nightly basis since last Wednesday's decision by a grand jury in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Garner.

 "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," said one staffer who was helping to plan the event.

 The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event, which is set to take place at 3:30 p.m., and is expected to draw at least 50 people. A staffer who planned to attend the protest said it was important to show support across racial lines.

 "I believe it's important, because what affects one community really affects the entire country," the staffer told CNN. "It's not just one group of minorities that's affected. How one group is treated affects Asians, Hispanics, women. It's important that we show our solidarity and come together and really speak out about the injustices that are being done."

 The group will gather in front of the Capitol and plan to take a photo at 345 p.m. U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black is expected to pray for the grieving families and to pray for peace.

 The US Capitol dome is cocooned in scaffolding on October 28, 2014 in Washington, DC as it undergoes its first comprehensive repairs in more than half a century a century. The two-year, USD 60 million project is aimed at repairing nearly 1,300 cracks that have emerged in the nine-million-pound (4.1-million-kilogram) cast iron dome, according to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) office. Construction on the dome began in 1855. Work symbolically continued through the US Civil War and the structure was eventually completed in 1866. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read )

 "We're not trying to cause any type of controversy," one staffer told CNN. "We're just trying to highlight this issue, to show solidarity with people who have been affected."

 Chaplain Black has drawn attention before for his topical prayers. Last year during the budget battle that shut down the government for 16 days, he opened each session with a prayer appealing the lawmakers to end the impasse.

 "Obviously, there are probably some people who feel that my prayers should not have been as pointed as they were," Black told CNN's Anderson Cooper after the shutdown had ended. "My prayers simply reflect the reality of the environment that I am in."

 Black could not be reached immediately reached for comment ahead of the event. ||||| Over a hundred black congressional staffers and several black lawmakers staged a walkout at the Capitol this afternoon, leading a silent protest on the steps of the Capitol over the recent police killing involving Ferguson and Eric Garner.

 Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Marc Veasey, D-Texas, were among the lawmakers participating in the walkout. Senate Chaplain Barry Black led the group in prayer, saying they were working as a “voice for the voiceless.”

 “Today as people throughout the nation protest for justice in our lands, forgive us when we have failed to lift our voices for those who couldn't speak or breathe for themselves,” Black said. “May we not forget that in our national history injustice has often been maintained because good people failed to promptly act. Forgive oh God, our culpability in contributing to our national pathology as you keep us aware of our own capacity to be instruments of injustice.”

 Alex Wong/Getty Images

 After the prayer, the group stood on the steps of the Capitol, raising their hands in a gesture that has become symbolic of the Ferguson refrain –- hands up, don’t shoot. |||||
Economic inactivity refers to people of working age who are not seeking work.
Its rate in Northern Ireland is just under 27% and can cover students, people with health conditions, or those with caring or parenting responsibilities.
The UK average is 22%.
The strategy, called 'Enabling Success', has been jointly launched by Employment Minister Stephen Farry and  Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster.
The strategy involves 11 projects, based on the voluntary participation of individuals.
Three groups will be targeted - those with work-limiting health conditions or disabilities, lone parents and people with caring commitments.
"I recognise that there are some who will never be able to work due to the severity of their health conditions," Mr Farry said.
"However, there are many people with work-limiting conditions who, with the right support, may be able to participate."
Mrs Foster added that the problem could hold back the economy unless addressed.
"The strategy will seek to contribute to an increase in the employment rate in Northern Ireland and to increase our economic competitiveness and productivity in the global market," she said.
By 2030, the strategy hopes to have raised employment levels to above the UK average.
"The current employment rate here is 68.6% compared with a United Kingdom average of 73.4% and achieving this goal will be challenging," Mrs Foster said.
(CNN) -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine, showing the actor's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor. The man named executor in Coleman's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband's death by selling the image to the tabloid, and suggested she is destined for the "life of a social and professional outcast." Coleman divorced Price in 2008, but they were living together in Santaquin, Utah, when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo, Utah, hospital. Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo, but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image. A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial, Coleman's longtime friend and former manager, as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process. A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor. Mial threatened to have Price, 24, arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman's home since his death. She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together, Mial said. While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died, his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors. "These items include, but are not limited to, numerous televisions and video game systems, a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck (registered to Coleman), cargo trailer (registered to Coleman), model train sets, computers, telephones, musical instruments, and furnishings," Mial said. "It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court's order, so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her," Mial said. Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images, which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "ongoing desperate attempt" to profit from his death. "These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may, ultimately, relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast, indeed, will bring," Mial said Wednesday. "May God bless Miss Price and her 'free will.'" A statement released by Price's publicist Monday did not deny Mial's accusation, but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer. "Dion, who claims to be a good friend of Gary, would know that Gary's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone," the statement said. "So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon, not taking all her money, to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her."
Phillip Clayton claims his 86-year-old mother Maureen, a retired teacher, died in agony, covered in pressure sores, after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed for 11 weeks . An 86-year-old woman died covered in 'horrendous' pressure sores after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed, her son claims. Phillip Clayton said his mother died in 'pain and tears' and contracted MRSA as a result of the care she received. He claims a delay in fitting a pacemaker also contributed to his mother's death after she was admitted to hospital with a dangerously low heart rate. He has launched a complaint against Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent after his mother Maureen died in November. NICE guidelines advise adults at high risk should be turned at least once every four hours to prevent pressure ulcers. The hospital is now carrying out a review into her care. Mr Clayton, 56, a public sector worker, said: 'The fact that my mother died is unfortunate. 'The way she died in pain and tears from the pressure sores is a disgrace and in my view, totally unacceptable. 'It is wrong to say my mother would not have died but I do think the care she received shortened her life. 'It was not the right way for her to die. The way she spent her last few weeks was shocking. 'The real problem is a total lack of leadership which permeates right down to ward level and results in an appalling level of service. 'I do not need apologies or a formal investigation, what I would like to see is change.' Mrs Clayton, a retired teacher, was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham, Kent. Her heart rate was low and she spent three days on a cardiac unit before being diagnosed with liver problems and transferred to the Will Adams ward. Mr Clayton claims while there staff failed to turn her during her entire 11 week stay - when it should have been done once every four hours. Mr Clayton says his mother even contracted MRSA as a result of the 'disgraceful' care she received at Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent (pictured) Mrs Clayton was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham . He added that they only rearranged the pillows under her back which did not prevent her from contracting painful pressure sores. Three weeks into her stay she was diagnosed with MRSA and died on November 27 from renal failure. Mr Clayton added: 'They simply rearranged the pillows underneath her. Turning a patient in bed is not rocket science. It is a basic nursing skill. 'There was a long delay before she was fitted with a temporary pacemaker and then a permanent one. During this time she deteriorated. 'If she had been fitted with the pacemaker in the first week and been able to get up, maybe things would have been different.' A spokesperson from Medway NHS Foundation Trust, who run the hospital where Mrs Clayton was treated said: 'The Trust takes concerns around care very seriously and is currently carrying out a review, as discussed with the family. 'The outcome of the review and the actions we are taking as a result of the findings, will be shared with the family.'
Add a location to your Tweets

 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| There's few rules on the Internet, but I think we can all agree on this one: Never put things to a public online vote.

 The Natural Environment Research Council is learning that lesson, but it could be a lot worse.

 The NERC, which is an independent environmental science organization in the United Kingdom, is in the process of building a new $300 million Antarctic survey vessel.

 Boat needs a name, right? Why not put it to a public vote, yea?

 UK's new Antarctic survey vessel to be built here @CammellLaird . You could name it #NameOurShip @BBCNWT pic.twitter.com/c9a7cHFuk1 — Mark Edwardson (@markedtv) March 17, 2016

 Well, the public is voting overwhelmingly to name the ship "Boaty McBoatface."

 Now, in the grand scheme of Internet shenanigans, "Boaty McBoatface" is not really that bad. In this writer's opinion, it's actually pretty great. After all, this is the same Internet that responded to a promotion to name a new flavor of Mountain Dew with "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Fapple."

 Other examples of Internet votes gone horribly wrong include a promotion that ended up sending the entertainer Pitbull to a Walmart in Alaska.

 Thus far, Boaty McBoatface has a commanding lead with more than 21,000 votes. It's next closest competitor, "Henry Worsley," an explorer and former British army officer who died in January during an attempt to become the first person to cross Antartica unaided, has a little more than 2,700 votes.

 The vote has spurred a hashtag — #BoatyMcBoatface of course — and even caused intermittent outages for its website.

 Due to a high amount of traffic some users may be experiencing problems using the #NameOurShip site. Please bear with us. — NERC (@NERCscience) March 20, 2016

 The closing date for entries is April 16. The boat is scheduled to set sail in 2019.
Longtime Fox News contributor and fill-in host Laura Ingraham is in line for her own show on the channel, possibly in a key prime time hour.

 On Monday a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN that there are talks underway between Ingraham and Fox executives, but no decisions have been finalized.

 The addition of an Ingraham talk show could be part of a bigger-picture reshuffling of Fox News Channel's highly rated schedule.

 A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment and Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment.

 Ingraham has been a paid contributor to Fox News since 2007. The show that's been discussed would be a big promotion.

 Matt Drudge, who is well-sourced in conservative media circles, spurred intrigue about potential changes when he tweeted this on Monday: "FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved."

 Drudge got tongues wagging, which may have been his goal.

 The prime time hours on cable news are 8, 9 and 10 p.m. When Megyn Kelly left for NBC in January, Tucker Carlson took over her 9 p.m. time slot.

 Then in April when Bill O'Reilly was removed amid a sexual harassment scandal, Carlson moved into O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot and the channel's 5 p.m. conservative talk show "The Five" moved to 9 p.m. Sean Hannity remained in place at 10 p.m.

 Now there is speculation inside and outside Fox that another schedule shake-up is in the works.

 The cable news channel seems to be exploring programming options in the event that Eric Bolling does not return. Bolling is the centerpiece of the 5 p.m. show that was created when "The Five" moved to 9. It is called "Fox News Specialists."

 Earlier this month Bolling was suspended pending a probe into accusations that he sent lewd texts to colleagues, which he has denied.

 If Fox News executives need to replace "The Specialists," "The Five" could be shifted back to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Then Ingraham could take over at 9 p.m.

 Alternatively, Hannity could move up one hour to 9, and Ingraham could take over at 10.

 Or maybe Fox executives have something in mind that nobody else has thought of yet.

 Along with the Bolling suspension, another subplot is the ratings race between Fox and MSNBC. The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow has snapped Fox's winning streak in the 9 p.m. hour.

 So Fox executives are asking themselves: Would Ingraham be a better match against Maddow than "The Five" currently is?

 Ingraham is a vocal supporter of President Trump, just like some of the co-hosts of "The Five."

 She is already a popular radio talk show host, with a three-hour morning time slot on stations across the country. She also operates a conservative-themed news and features site called LifeZette. ||||| Fox News Channel is in discussions with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham that could result in her coming to the 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network as a regular host, a person familiar with the outlet’s plans confirmed early Tuesday.

 The two sides are believed to be in early talks, and no decision has been made regarding the time slot Ingraham might anchor, or even when she might join the company in the new role. No deal has been signed, and there is no sense at this time when one might come to fruition, this person said. She already serves as a Fox News contributor.

 Revelation of the talks, which surfaced Monday on The Drudge Report and were further detailed by CNN, show Fox News Channel continuing to mull tinkering with its program line-up as it grapples in real time to find alternatives for hosts who have come under recent fire. Fox News replaced mainstay Bill O’Reilly in April after he parted ways over advertiser reaction to disclosures of settlements paid to women who had accused him of sexual harassment and other improprieties.

 The network’s current primetime lineup features Tucker Carlson at 8 p.m, the panel show “The Five” at 9 p.m., and Sean Hannity at 10 p.m. And though Fox News remains cable’s most-watched news network, it has had to contend with a resurgent MSNBC, where a primetime lineup led by Rachel Maddow has expanded its audience.

 Related Fox, Major League Baseball Strike New Rights Pact Official Name of New Fox Is, Uh, Fox -- and Other Takeaways From Annual Stockholders Meeting

 Ingraham has a long association with Fox News, having served as a fill-in for both Hannity and O’Reilly. Executives at the network have remained open to the idea of tweaking its primetime lineup, Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy told Variety in July.

 Fox News is also mulling talent options due to the recent suspension of Eric Bolling, the former commodities trader who served as co-host on the late-afternoon program “Fox News Specialists,” this person confirmed. Bolling was suspended earlier this month, when Fox News said it planned to investigate recent allegations made in a Huffington Post report that Bolling may have sexually harassed colleagues. Bolling has denied the charges and said he intends to clear his name. ||||| Fox News is not commenting, but people familiar with the talks who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said Ingraham is seen as a compatible fit between the network's conservative prime-time hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity. Under that scenario, the roundtable show "The Five" -- which moved to 9 p.m. Eastern time when the network had to shuffle its program line-up after Bill O'Reilly exited in April -- would move back to its original time slot of 5 p.m. Eastern to make room for Ingraham.
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:59 EST, 4 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 5 March 2014 . When most people have too much to drink, they will often 'sleep it off' in an attempt to sober up. A Florida man, however, is not like most people - when he was stopped for speeding last month, he told the arresting officer that his wife had been nagging him for drinking too much, so he decided to hop in his SUV and 'drive it off' - on his way to a bar to have more drinks. Michael Moore, 61, was stopped just after midnight on February 13 by an officer in Stuart Florida after he was seen speeding down U.S. 1. Brilliant: Michael Moore told police when he was stopped for a DUI that he had been drinking but decided to 'drive it off' by driving to a bar . Moore was stopped in the 800 block of Southwest U.S. 1 at about 12:35 a.m. and the officer immediately smelled alcohol when he approached the allegedly intoxicated motorist, according to court records first obtained by TCPalm.com. According to the probable cause statement, Moore told the officer that he was coming from his house and that he had consumed 'a couple' of drinks. He also told the officer that he was heading to a local bar to have 'a few' more. The officer noted in the report that Moore's eyes were glassy and that his speech was slurred - according to the officer, he sounded 'thick-tongued.' Legal limit: Court records show that Moore's blood alcohol content was 0.104. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Report: The arresting officer noted that Moore sounded 'thick-tongued' and slurred his speech and that his eyes were wattery . Moore explained to the officer that he had been in an argument with his wife and decided he would take a drive. 'He also told me that his wife told him that he (had) been drinking too . much so he decided to go out and 'drive it off,"' an arrest affidavit . states. Prior to his arrest, Moore was given standard field sobriety tests. He failed them all. Once in custody, officers administered a breath test to determine Moore's blood alcohol content. Two separate tests measured his BAC at 0.104 and 0.103. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08. Moore was placed under arrest and charged with driving under the influence.

Watch out ladies or you might just become smitten with the 'coolest kid in the whole wide world'. That's the view of many after Keano, six, took his mother's iPad and filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs. His mother,Â Caitlin Gahleitner, from Perth, Western Australia, then promptly shared the clip online. The result is an adorable video that has gone viral with over 8,000 likes since it was uploaded to Facebook by radio stationÂ 2DayFM on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Caitlin Gahleitner (left) found a video her son Keano (right) had recorded on her iPad, which she promptly shared online . 'Hello girls, my name's Keano,' the mini-Romeo begins in a gentlemanly fashion. 'I hope you see my muscles and my abs,' he then says, flexing his biceps. Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano then lifts up his shirt for the camera and, pointing towards his belly, chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs'. 'I'm the coolest kid in the whole wide world,' he continues, before blowing a kiss to the screen. 'Hello girls, my name's Keano': The six-year-old filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs . Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano is seen lifting up his shirt for the camera and pointing towards his belly before he chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs' 'I hope you love me!' Viewers clearly did fall in love with the year one student, who received well over 8000 likes for his video and more than 1000 shares. Almost three thousand people commented on the clip, most of them comparing Keano to their own friends or complimenting him on his physique. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, told Daily Mail Australia that his inspiration came from his father. The video has since received over 8000 likes and 1000 shares since being uploaded on Wednesday . 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' MsÂ Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' However, Keano is not as keen about his new-found fame as the rest of his family members are, as Ms Gahleitner admits his aunts and uncles now incessantly ask him 'how's your abs, Keano?' 'We all tease him about it now and he gets embarrassed, he just keeps saying "I don't want to be famous!",' Ms Gahleitner said. 'I can't wait until his 21st birthday!'

Jon Huntsman couldn't help but fire a parting shot at his Republican rivals, even as he withdrew from the presidential race and backed front-runner Mitt Romney Monday morning. 'This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people and not worthy of this critical time,' he said during an announcement in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Huntsman, a former Utah governor and the President Obama's ambassador to China, must now navigate the tricky waters of supporting a candidate he slammed as an unelectable, untrustworthy flip-flopper. Shortly after Huntsman told his staff . Sunday night he was planning to quit the presidential race, videos and . statements criticizing the former Massachusetts governor disappeared . from Huntsman's campaign website. Family affair: Four of Jon Huntsman's daughters, including his adopted Chinese daughter Gracie Mei, stood on stage with him and his wife Mary Kaye (in the purple) today . Exit: Jon Huntsman leaves the stage after his announcement this morning, flanked by his daughter Mary Anne (left) and his wife Mary Kaye (right) Bowing out: Huntsman's presidential bid never gained traction and floundered after a disappointing performance in New Hampshire . As an opponent, Huntsman was one of Romney's harshest critics, offering several devastating assessments of the front-runner in an attempt to win over Romney's moderate supporters. 'I will always put my country first. It . seems that Gov Romney believes in putting politics first. Gov Romney . enjoys firing people; I enjoy creating jobs. It may be that heâ€™s . slightly out of touch with the economic reality playing out in America . right now, and thatâ€™s a dangerous place to be,' he told reporters right . before the New Hampshire primary. Lest anyone forget Huntsman's harsh words, the Democratic National Committee produced a greatest hits list of the most cutting remarks by the former candidate. Big gains: Hours after the announcement, Mitt Romney thanked Huntsman for his support and praised his campaign . Plea for unity: Flanked by his family, Huntsman criticized the divisive tone of the Republican race and said the party needs to unite . And Huntsman's endorsement of Romney was no ringing embrace. Instead, he simply cited Romney's electability. Jon Huntsman's campaign pulled down statements critical of Mitt Romney as he moved to endorse the Republican front-runner. However, the Democratic National Committee won't let Huntsman forget what he said. It has released a list of his greatest Mitt-hits: . 'I believe it is now time for our party . to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama. Despite our differences I believe that candidate is Gov Mitt Romney,' Huntsman said at a news conference with his wife and children. Huntsman staked his presidential bid . on making a name for himself in last week's New Hampshire primary. But . his candidacy never really gained traction and he came in a . disappointing third place behind Romney and Texas Rep Ron Paul. Campaign sources said Huntsman was dropping out now because he didn't want to pull support away from Romney, which could prolong the GOP presidential primary. Romney gladly accepted the affirmation from his fellow Mormon. 'I salute Jon Huntsman & his wife Mary Kaye. He ran a campaign based on unity not division, & love of country. I appreciate his support,' the candidate Tweeted moments after the public announcement. Despite his low support from voters, Huntsman's departure will surely be a boon to Romney. He was only polling at three to five percent in South Carolina and Florida, the next two primary states, but he was the only candidate still competing for moderate voters who are the backbone of Romney's support. According to recent polls, nearly all of Huntsman's supporters said Romney was their second choice. This further consolidates the establishment wing of the Republican party. Conservative voters are still divided between former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and, to a lesser extent, Texas Gov Rick Perry. Huntsman is the third candidate to leave . the race. Former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty exited in August and . Minnesota Rep Michele Bachmann dropped out after a poor showing in the . Iowa caucus. By his side: Huntsman made the announcement in South Carolina with his family, including his wife Mary Kaye . Waving farewell: Huntsman said he was ending his presidential bid because he believes Romney is the best choice to beat President Obama . Despite strong credentials -- an attractive, highly-educated former governor and businessman who speaks Mandarin Chinese and has extensive foreign policy experience -- Huntsman never rose above single digits in national polls. He staked his campaign on a victory, or at least a strong showing, in moderate New Hampshire. But the granite state didn't show him the love he was hoping for. He received just 17 percent of the vote compared to Mitt Romney's dominant 39 percent. Ron Paul came in second with 23 percent. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie turned down a Republican movement urging him to run for president this year, but he hasn't ruled out the possibility in the future. He told Oprah Winfrey during her visit to his home in Mendham, New Jersey, that he was considering running in 2016. 'I'll be much more ready for it four years from now than I am now,' he said. Christie says he can see his family occupying the White House in the future. The 49-year-old former US Attorney told Oprah he and his wife seriously considered the calls to run for president against Barack Obama, but ultimately he felt comfortable turning them down. 'Inside me it never felt right. I knew that if it didn't feel right, I couldn't be me,' he said.

He claimed there were few vessels to enforce new regulations for UK inshore fishing waters after it leaves the EU.
And the ex-Falklands veteran, who was once a Labour security minister, said he was "stunned" at the government's "amazing complacency" over the issue.
But minister Lord Gardiner insisted a vessel monitoring system was in place.
Lord West raised the issue just days after the government announced it is to withdraw from the London Fisheries Convention - the deal which allows foreign fisherman access to British waters.
Lord Gardiner, a rural affairs minister, said the Marine Management Organisation would supervise the UK's "exclusive economic zone", which stretches from six to 200 nautical miles - while the Association of Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authorities would cover up to six nautical miles.
But he added that as the UK leaves the EU a review will be needed to reflect on the level of fisheries enforcement required.
That response prompted Lord West to say: "This simple sailor is absolutely stunned by the answer, which shows amazing complacency.
"The bottom line is we have very, very few vessels involved in this. They are not properly centrally coordinated. We've already seen a number of the countries involved saying 'well to hell with what you're saying, we're coming there anyway'.
"We will be made a laughing stock if we apply some rules and cannot enforce them."
Lord West urged ministers to establish "a centralised command system to actually control the various assets we have", adding that "far too few of them seem to be able to focus on things like someone fishing illegally in the six to 12 mile zones".
He said more ships and boats needed to be built "to ensure we can actually enforce it".
The minister said he would like Lord West, who served in the Royal Navy between 1965 and 2006, to go with him to Newcastle to see a new digital vessel monitoring system that can pinpoint "every vessel that's at sea within our waters".
He said there were three offshore patrol vessels in operation, with a further five new river offshore patrol vessels being built that will be used for fisheries protection.
But Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Baroness Jones of Whitchurch argued that "fish stocks can't be managed unilaterally", adding "there has to be some cooperation with neighbouring countries".
"Fish shoals can sometimes move for hundreds of miles, and indeed our own fishermen fish up to the north of Russia and southern Portugal," she said.
"There's no point in making a unilateral declaration."
But Lord Gardiner said not only would the government be negotiating "with our partners and friends in Europe so we have a sustainable fishing industry" but post-Brexit the UK will "have the ability to decide who fishes in our waters".
He said the chief executive of National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations had welcomed the UK's decision to give notice to the London Fisheries Convention as "an important part of establishing the UK as an independent coastal state with sovereignty over its own exclusive economic zone".
He said fishing is worth Â£1.3bn to the UK economy, employs 34,600 people, has 6,000 fishing vessels and lands 708 tonnes of fish each year worth Â£775m.


Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury.
In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April.
However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle.
Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday.
The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew.
Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time".
"I would love to see it before I retired", he said, although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century.
An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then.
Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox, meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April.
But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar, hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity.
In 1990, the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date, which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments. It has not yet been reached.


It carries out a monthly survey of firms that tracks indicators such as new orders, employment and exports.
The latest report for April suggested a modest deterioration in business conditions, as output and new orders declined following growth in March.
That was the fourth monthly decline in activity in the last five months.
Ulster Bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said Northern Ireland's modest decline in private sector activity compares with growth in all of the other UK regions.
Manufacturing continued to be a bright spot, with output growth and new orders rebounding to a 6-month high, driven by market demand in Great Britain.
By contrast, Northern Ireland retailers reported their sharpest decline in retail sales since May 2012 and the construction sector posted its largest fall in business activity in two years.
Mr Ramsey said that despite the apparent weakness suggested by the results, companies are continuing to hire staff.
"Despite uncertainty and lack of demand, local firms saw their staffing levels rise in April at the fastest rate in seven months. Employment growth was reported across all sectors with the exception of construction," he added.
Looking forward, he said that the detail of the new Conservative government's fiscal plans and economic policies "will affect all sectors of the economy both public and private".

LONDON, England (CNN) -- The super-yachts of the super-rich could soon become super-green. The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this. Sydney-based technology company Solar Sailor is working on a "solar sail" which could act as both a sail and a solar power source to all sorts of large vessels. Super-yachts owned by billionaires like Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen are currently among the biggest fuel guzzlers on the planet. Some of the ocean-going beasts like Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's "Dubai," the biggest private super-yacht in the world, are over 150 meters long and contain amenities like aircraft hangars, movie theaters, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. All of these features sap incredible amounts of energy. Fuel consumption estimates on super-yachts have ranged up to one liter of fuel per second when traveling at high power. • See a photo gallery of the world's best super-yachts . Solar Sailor's CEO Robert Dane told CNN the technology could work perfectly with super-yachts. He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "We think it would enable people to have their super-yacht but make little or no carbon footprint, which is the big problem with these vessels," he said. Dane said the technology worked by using a wing that is a solar panel or a sail, pivotally mounted to a vessel so it can be angled to the sun or the wind. The "sails" are controlled by a computer which takes into account the direction and strength of sun and wind to optimize energy collection. A design project is currently underway in the United Kingdom to create a solar sail for the super-yachts, he said. Dane said the company was working with Chinese shipping company COSCO to get solar sails on some of its fleet. "Our aim is for a trail of retrofitted sails to one bulker and one tanker in 2010. Based on the results of this, then we would design 'new-build' vessels," he said. Dane estimated the sail could save about 5 percent in fuel consumption from the solar power and another 20 to 40 percent from wind power when the vessel is traveling at 18 knots. "This might add up to a 10 percent saving overall in the whole journey," Dane said. He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.

Washington (CNN) -- Within hours of President Barack Obama's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed, politics entered the fray. A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. Debate rages about role of torture . Interviews and commentaries by conservatives, including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention, citing media reports rather than direct information. A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection, at least to waterboarding, the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law. While administration officials, former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden, no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture. That doesn't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying. Republican Rep. Peter King, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid. Was bin Laden's killing legal? Mohammed was captured in 2003, and another high-value suspect, Abu Faraj al Libi, was captured in 2005. "I think it's fair to say that it's a long way to getting bin Laden, but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation" of Mohammed and al Libi, King said. However, as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday, Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi. According to Borger's report, the detainee who initially provided the courier's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation, but not waterboarding. Later, Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier, who was described as his protege, and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him, a senior U.S. official said. U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier's identity four years ago "from a different part of the world," the senior U.S. official said. Trail to bin Laden started with courier . King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded, and even though he lied about the courier, the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding. To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough, no such connection exists. "This whole idea about somehow whether EITs (enhanced interrogation techniques) played into that, I think, is just not consistent with the facts, and, also, a little bit of a sideshow, as far as I'm concerned," McDonough said. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August. "I can say with certainty that no single piece of information, with the exception of the address of the compound, was ... singularly vital to this, because we're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years," Carney said. "And it's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way; if, you know which thread held the cloth together, with the exception of the location of the compound." Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees, which he called one of many ways that information was gathered. "Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information" played a key role, "because we don't know," Carney said. Mark Fallon, a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, terrorist detention facility, rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden's capture. "I think some people are trying to rewrite history here," Fallon told MSNBC, adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and wasn't aware "of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding." One of Obama's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration. The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency, with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism. Now, those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return. John Yoo, a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques, said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked. However, his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources, rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees. Marc Thiessen, a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, made similar assertions on the group's website, but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports. Cheney, interviewed on ABC and Fox, said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden's demise, but added he had no proof. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism. "Now let's remember that in the early days, we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda," Rice said. However, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden's location that "came as a result of harsh interrogation practices." Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden. "This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement," Graham said, citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work. "I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding. I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work." CNN's Gloria Borger contributed to this story.


The party won 10 seats, but the Conservatives have retained control with 45 out of 78 councillors.
The Tories had 51 seats before Thursday's vote, while the Liberal Democrats slipped from 24 to 17.
Labour's seats increased from one to four, while two independent councillors were also elected.
Former cabinet minister Mr Huhne, a Lib Dem, was jailed in March for perverting the course of justice, and his party lost both Eastleigh council seats to UKIP.
One of UKIP's gains was in South Waterside where Philip Fawkes, a distant relative of Guy Fawkes, was elected.
A 15th Century ancestor of the retired head teacher was the great-great-grandfather of the the failed 1605 Gunpowder Plot ringleader.
When Mr Fawkes' candidacy was announced, party leader Nigel Farage said it showed "the blood of rebellion still runs in his veins".
By Steve HumphreyBBC South
It's been an historic night in the local elections - with UKIP winning its first seats on county councils in the south.
As soon as the votes came tumbling out of the ballot boxes in Hampshire it became clear that it was going to be a tough night for the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats.
Labour gained three seats - but it was UKIP's supporters who had the biggest smiles. They started the night with no seats on the county council - but they ended up with 10.
Across Hampshire, there were losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives - but the Tories retain control of the county council.
One senior Conservative MP says the UKIP surge should prompt the prime minister to deliver stronger policies on immigration and Europe.
Conservative Alexis McEvoy criticised her own party's national leadership after losing her South Waterside seat to Mr Fawkes.
She said Tory leaders "choose not to listen to what the public are saying", which boosted the UKIP vote.
"I hope the government will listen because they never do," she added.
"They're arrogant, out of touch and because of them good councillors have now been lost."
Andy Moore, 53, who won Eastleigh East for UKIP, said: "We have told the truth. We have listened to the public who have put us in these positions as councillors."
Martin Lyon, 47, who took nearby Bishopstoke and Fair Oak for UKIP, added: "I'm just shell shocked.
"It's all about the people on the ground. There have been a lot of people who have put the work in over five to 10 years in Eastleigh."
Lib Dem Sandra Gidley, who lost to Conservative Roy Perry in Romsey Extra, said she was disappointed but her stronger feeling was one of concern about the gains made by UKIP.
"It's a protest vote, it's a dangerous one; nobody knows what that party stands for," she said.
"It's now down to all politicians to try and reconnect with the public because what was clear to me is that the public have lost faith in all of us from all parties; that's why UKIP did well, not because they have anything to offer."
Voting was also held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday and counting began at 09:00 BST.
